UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
☑

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024.
or

☐

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to .

Commission File Number: 000-06217

INTEL CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

2200 Mission College Boulevard,

Santa Clara, California

(Address of principal executive offices)

94-1672743
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

95054-1549
(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 765-8080
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class
Common stock,$0.001 par value

Trading symbol
INTC

Name of each exchange on which registered
Nasdaq Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☑

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer
☑

Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

☐

☐

☐

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☑
The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2024, based upon the closing price of the common stock as reported by the
Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was$132.4 billion. 4,330 million shares of common stock were outstanding as of January 24, 2025.

Portions of the registrant's proxy statement related to its 2025 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. Except as expressly
incorporated by reference, the registrant's proxy statement shall not be deemed to be part of this report.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Organization of Our Form 10-K

The order and presentation of content in our Form 10-K differs from the traditional SEC Form 10-K format. Our format is designed to improve readability and better present how
we organize and manage our business. See "Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index" within the Financial Statements and Supplemental Details for a cross-reference index to the
traditional SEC Form 10-K format.

We have defined certain terms and abbreviations used throughout our Form 10-K in "Key Terms" within the Financial Statements and Supplemental Details.

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements is in conformity with US GAAP. Our Form 10-K includes key metrics that we use to measure our business, some of
which are non-GAAP measures. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A for an explanation of these measures and why management uses them and believes they
provide investors with useful supplemental information.

Fundamentals of Our Business

Availability of Company Information
Fundamental of Our Business

Our Strategy
Our Capital

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Operating Segment Trends and Results

Consolidated Results of Operations

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Critical Accounting Estimates

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Risk Factors

Sales and Marketing
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Cybersecurity

Properties

Market for Our Common Stock

Stock Performance Graph

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements

Information About Our Executive Officers

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Financial Statements and Supplemental Details

Auditor's Reports

Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Key Terms

Controls and Procedures

Exhibits

Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index

Page


























Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words such as "accelerate", "achieve", "aim", "ambitions", "anticipate",
"believe", "committed", "continue", "could", "designed", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "future", "goals", "grow", "guidance", "intend", "likely", "may", "might", "milestones", "next
generation", "objective", "on track", "opportunity", "outlook", "pending", "plan", "position", "possible", "potential", "predict", "progress", "ramp", "roadmap", "seek", "should", "strive",
"targets", "to be", "upcoming", "will", "would", and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which may include
statements regarding:

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

our business plans, strategy and leadership and anticipated benefits therefrom, including with respect to our foundry strategy, Smart Capital strategy, partnerships with
Apollo and Brookfield, AI strategy, organizational structure, and management, including our search for a new CEO;
projections of our future financial performance, including future revenue, gross margins, capital expenditures, profitability, and cash flows;

future cash requirements, the availability, uses, sufficiency, and cost of capital resources, and sources of funding, including for future capital and R&D investments and for
returns to stockholders, and credit ratings expectations;
future products, services, and technologies, and the expected goals, timeline, ramps, progress, availability, production, regulation, and benefits of such products, services,
and technologies, including future process nodes and packaging technology, product roadmaps, schedules, future product architectures, expectations regarding process
performance, per-watt parity, and metrics, and expectations regarding product and process competitiveness;
projected manufacturing capacities, volumes, costs, and yield trends;

internal and external manufacturing plans, including manufacturing expansion projects and the financing therefor;
supply expectations, including regarding constraints, limitations, pricing, and industry shortages;

plans and goals related to Intel's foundry business, including with respect to anticipated governance, customers, future manufacturing capacity, and service, technology, and
IP offerings;
expected timing and impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and other significant transactions, including the sale of our NAND memory business;

expected timing, completion and impacts of restructuring activities and cost-saving or efficiency initiatives;
future social and environmental performance goals, measures, strategies, and results;

our anticipated growth, future market share, and trends in our businesses and operations;

projected growth and trends in markets relevant to our businesses;

expectations regarding CHIPS Act funding and other governmental awards or potential future governmental incentives;

future technology trends and developments, such as AI;

future macro environmental and economic conditions;

geopolitical tensions and conflicts and their potential impact on our business;

tax- and accounting-related expectations;

expectations regarding our relationships with certain sanctioned parties; and

other characterizations of future events or circumstances.

Such statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied, including those associated with:

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

the high level of competition and rapid technological change in our industry;

the significant long-term and inherently risky investments we are making in R&D and manufacturing facilities that may not realize a favorable return;

the complexities and uncertainties in developing and implementing new semiconductor products and manufacturing process technologies;

implementing new business strategies and investing in new businesses and technologies;
our ability to time and scale our capital investments appropriately and successfully secure favorable alternative financing arrangements and government grants;

changes in demand for our products and the margins we are able to make on them;

▪
▪ macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including geopolitical and trade tensions between the US and China, tensions and conflict affecting Israel

and the Middle East, rising tensions between mainland China and Taiwan, and the impacts of Russia's war on Ukraine;

▪

▪

▪

the evolving market for products with AI capabilities;

our complex global supply chain, including from disruptions, delays, trade tensions and conflicts, or shortages;

product defects, errata, and other product issues, particularly as we develop next-generation products and implement next-generation manufacturing process technologies;


potential security vulnerabilities in our products;
increasing and evolving cybersecurity threats and privacy risks;

IP risks, including related litigation and regulatory proceedings;
the ongoing need to attract, retain, and motivate key talent, including engineering and management talent, as we have undertaken multiple significant headcount reductions
and had significant management changes in the last few years, including our CEO;

strategic transactions and investments;
sales-related risks, including customer concentration and the use of distributors and other third parties;

our debt obligations and our ability to access sources of capital;
our having ceased to return capital to stockholders;

complex and evolving laws and regulations across many jurisdictions;
fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

changes in our effective tax rate;

catastrophic events;
environmental, health, safety, and product regulations;
our initiatives and new legal requirements with respect to corporate responsibility matters; and

other risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC.

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪

▪
▪
▪

▪

Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider
the various disclosures made in this Form 10-K and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business.

Unless specifically indicated otherwise, the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K do not reflect the potential impact of any divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, or other
business combinations that have not been completed as of the date of this filing. In addition, the forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are based on management's
expectations as of the date of this filing, unless an earlier date is specified, including expectations based on third-party information and projections that management believes to
be reputable. We do not undertake, and expressly disclaim any duty, to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, new developments, or otherwise, except
to the extent that disclosure may be required by law.

Note Regarding Third-Party Information

This Form 10-K includes market data and certain other statistical information and estimates that are based on reports and other publications from industry analysts, market
research firms, and other independent sources, as well as management's own good faith estimates and analyses. Intel believes these third-party reports to be reputable, but has
not independently verified the underlying data sources, methodologies, or assumptions. The reports and other publications referenced are generally available to the public and
were not commissioned by Intel. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research, or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties,
and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information.

Intel, Arc, Intel Atom, Intel Core, Intel Evo, FlexRAN, Gaudi, the Intel logo, Intel Optane, MAX, Movidius, OpenVINO, the OpenVINO logo, Thunderbolt and the Thunderbolt logo, Intel vPro, and Xeon are trademarks of Intel
Corporation or its subsidiaries.

* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.

Availability of Company Information

We use our Investor Relations website, www.intc.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important, and often material, information about us, including our quarterly and
annual earnings results and presentations; press releases; announcements; information about upcoming webcasts, analyst presentations, and investor days; archives of these
events; financial information; corporate governance practices; and corporate responsibility information. We also post our filings on this website the same day they are
electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, including our annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements, and
any amendments to those reports. All such information is available free of charge. Our Investor Relations website allows interested persons to sign up to automatically receive email alerts when we post financial information and issue press releases, and to receive information about upcoming events. We encourage interested persons to follow our
Investor Relations website in addition to our filings with the SEC to timely receive information about the company.


Fundamentals of Our Business

We are a global designer and manufacturer of semiconductor products. The CPUs and other semiconductor solutions that we design, manufacture, market, and sell are
incorporated in computing and related end products and services, and utilized globally by consumers, enterprises, governments, and educational organizations. Customers of
our semiconductor products primarily include OEMs, ODMs, cloud service providers, and other manufacturers and service providers, such as industrial and communication
equipment manufacturers and other cloud service providers who buy our products through distributor, reseller, retail, and OEM channels throughout the world. We market and
sell our semiconductor products directly through our global sales and marketing organizations and indirectly through channel partners. We also develop semiconductor
fabrication process and packaging technologies and manufacture many of our semiconductor product offerings at our geographically diverse network of fabrication and assembly
and test facilities. We are also seeking to expand as a third-party foundry for external customers.

Our Strategy

Technology permeates every aspect of our lives and is increasingly central to every aspect of human existence. As we look ahead to the next decade, we expect to see
continued demand for processing power. Semiconductors are the underlying technology powering this digital expansion, and we are strategically positioning ourselves to create
a resilient global semiconductor supply chain by investing in geographically balanced manufacturing capacity. The demand for compute is being accelerated by five superpowers:
ubiquitous compute, pervasive connectivity, cloud-to-edge infrastructure, AI, and sensing. Together, these superpowers combine to amplify and reinforce each other, and
increase the world's need for computing by packing even more processing capability onto ever-smaller microchips. We harness these superpowers for our customers' growth and
our own.

We are uniquely positioned with the depth and breadth of our silicon, platforms, software, and packaging and process technology with at-scale manufacturing. With these
strengths and the tailwinds of the superpowers driving digital disruption, our strategy to win is focused on four key themes: product competitiveness, open platforms,
manufacturing at scale, and our people.

Our Priorities

Product Competitiveness

Lead and democratize compute with Intel x86 and xPU. Our product offerings provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from data center to network, PCs, edge computing, and the
emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving, to serve an increasingly smart and connected world.

At our core is the x86 ecosystem, which has served as a foundation of modern computing for over four decades. We continue to advance this ecosystem with x86
microarchitectures focused on performance and efficiency. In 2024, we announced the creation of an advisory group to expand the x86 ecosystem by enabling compatibility
across platforms, simplifying software development, and providing developers with a platform to identify architectural needs and features to create innovative and scalable
solutions for the future.

Beyond the CPU, we deliver a family of xPU products encompassing client and data center GPUs, IPUs, FPGAs, and other accelerators. The xPU approach recognizes that
different workloads benefit from different computing architectures, and our broad portfolio helps meet our customers' increasingly diverse computing needs. As part of our
strategy, we seek to develop and offer leading products across each of these architectural categories.

We also seek to address every phase of the AI continuum, from the largest, most challenging GenAI and large language models to emerging usages like AI PCs and AI at the
edge. We believe AI represents a generational shift in computing by expanding human abilities and solving the most challenging problems. We are in the early stages of realizing
AI's full potential. Our strategy is to bring AI to where the data is being generated and used. We believe we have a full spectrum of hardware and software platforms that offer the
open and modular solutions for competitive total cost of ownership and time to value that customers need to win in this era of exponential growth and AI everywhere. We are
infusing AI into Intel technologies, supporting today's GenAI workloads, fueling emerging usages like AI PC and AI at the edge, and pioneering innovations that we believe will
help advance the future of AI in the next decade.

Our product offerings are predominantly manufactured in our own manufacturing facilities using our proprietary process technologies. In recent years, however, we have
strategically utilized third-party foundry manufacturing capacity where advantageous for cost, performance, schedule, or other reasons. This provides increased flexibility and
scale, including in recent years the ability to continue to offer various products at the most performant end of the product spectrum where we did not yet have comparable
process technologies in-house.

Open Platforms

We aim to deliver open software and hardware platforms with industry-defining standards. Around the globe, companies are building their networks, systems, and solutions on
open standards-based platforms. We have helped set the stage for this movement, with our historic contributions in developing standards such as CXL, ThunderboltTM, and PCI
Express. We also contributed to the design, build, and validation of open-source products in the industry such as Linux, Android, and others.

Our Strategy


We deliver open-source code and optimizations that are designed for projects across numerous platforms and usage models. We are committed to co-engineering and jointly
designing, building, and validating new products with software industry leaders to accelerate mutual technology advancements and help software and hardware work better
together.

Manufacturing at Scale

We manufacture a majority of our products in our own manufacturing facilities using our proprietary process technologies. This enables us to optimize performance, shorten timeto-market for new product introductions, and more quickly scale products in high volume.

Process technology. We continue to develop new generations of manufacturing process technology as we seek to realize the benefits from Moore’s Law, a law of economics
predicted by Intel’s cofounder Gordon Moore more than 50 years ago. Realizing Moore’s Law results in economic benefits as we are able to either reduce a chip's cost as we
shrink its size or increase functionality and performance of a chip while maintaining the same cost with higher density. This makes possible the innovation of new products with
higher performance while balancing power efficiency, cost, and size to meet customers' needs. As of the end of 2024, our core products were manufactured on 300mm wafers,
with a significant majority manufactured using our Intel 7 process node while we ramped our Intel 4 and Intel 3 process nodes into high volume.

Factory network. Our global factory network has been foundational to our success, enabling product optimization, improved economics, and supply resilience. We operate wafer
manufacturing facilities in the United States (Oregon and Arizona), Ireland, and Israel, assembly and testing facilities in Costa Rica, China, Malaysia, and Vietnam, and
packaging facilities in the United States (New Mexico), Costa Rica, Vietnam, and Malaysia. We intend to remain a leading developer of process technology and a major
manufacturer of semiconductors and we plan to continue to build the majority of our products in our factories.

Foundry services. The very high capital requirements of modern leading-edge semiconductor process technology development and manufacturing, especially those nodes
requiring EUV lithography such as Intel 4, Intel 3, Intel 18A and future nodes, require us to expand the use of our process technologies as they mature and grow the number of
wafers produced beyond the expected growth for our own products. To this end, we are seeking to build a world-class foundry business also serving external customers and
have made significant investments in ecosystem support to enable the usage of our manufacturing network by external customers. Our foundry offerings include four
components: wafer fabrication, packaging, chiplets, and software and services. We intend to build our customers' silicon designs and deliver full end-to-end customizable
products built with our advanced packaging technology. We plan to differentiate our foundry offerings from those of others through a combination of leading-edge packaging and
process technology, committed capacity in the US and Europe available for customers globally, and a world-class IP portfolio that will include x86 cores, as well as other
ecosystem IP.

Our People

Our world-class talent is at the heart of everything we do. Together we strive to have a positive effect on business, society, and the planet. Delivering on our strategy and growth
ambitions requires attracting, developing, and retaining top talent from across the world. Our people build our technology, unlock new business opportunities, and work with our
partners and customers to create global impact.

Fostering a culture of empowerment, inclusion, and accountability is also core to our strategy. We are committed to creating an inclusive workplace where the world’s best
engineers and technologists can fulfill their dreams and create technology that improves the life of every person on the planet.

Focus on Innovation and Execution

We are focused on executing our product and process roadmaps and our cadence of innovation. We have set a detailed process and packaging technology roadmap and
announced key architectural innovations to further our goal of delivering competitive products in every area in which we compete.

We leverage our Smart Capital approach to help us adjust quickly to opportunities in the market while managing our margin structure and capital spending. The key elements of
Smart Capital include:

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

Smart capacity investments. We are building out future manufacturing shell space, which gives us flexibility in how and when we bring additional capacity online based
on milestone triggers such as product readiness, market conditions, and customer commitments.
Government incentives. We work with governments to advance and benefit from incentives for domestic manufacturing capacity for leading-edge semiconductors.

SCIP. We access strategically aligned private capital to increase our flexibility and help efficiently accelerate and scale manufacturing build-outs. Our SCIP program has
supported the period of accelerated manufacturing investment that commenced in early 2021. We signed our latest SCIP agreement in the second quarter of 2024 and
are not contemplating further transactions in the near term.
Customer commitments. Our foundry business works closely with potential customers to obtain advance payments to secure capacity and participate in manufacturing
capacity build-outs. This provides us with the advantage of committed volume, derisking investments while providing capacity corridors for our foundry customers.

External foundries. We intend to continue our use of external foundries where their capabilities or capacities support our Intel Products businesses offerings.

Our Strategy


Our Capital

We deploy various forms of capital to execute our strategy in a way that seeks to reflect our corporate values, help our customers succeed, and create value for our stakeholders.

Capital
Financial

Intellectual

Manufacturing

Human

Strategy

Value

Leverage financial capital to invest in ourselves and optimize our portfolio,
both to drive our strategy and long-term value creation.

We strategically invest financial capital to continue to build our business and
create long-term value for our stockholders.

Invest significantly in R&D and IP to enable us to deliver
on our accelerated process technology roadmap and introduce leading x86
and xPU products.

We develop IP to enable next-generation products, create synergies across
our businesses, expand into new markets, and establish and support our
brands.

Build manufacturing capacity efficiently to
meet the growing long-term global demand for semiconductors.

Our geographically balanced manufacturing scope and scale enable us to
provide our customers with a broad range of leading-edge products and
foundry capabilities.

Build a diverse, inclusive, and safe work environment to attract, develop, and
retain top talent needed to build transformative products.

Our talented employees enable the development of solutions and enhance
the intellectual and manufacturing capital critical to helping our customers.

Social and Relationship

Build trusted relationships for both Intel and our stakeholders, including
employees, suppliers, customers, local communities, and governments.

We collaborate to empower communities through education and technology
and advance accountability and capabilities across our global supply chain.

Natural

Strive to reduce our environmental footprint through efficient and responsible
use of natural resources and materials used to create our products.

We seek to mitigate climate and water impacts, achieve efficiencies, lower
costs, and position ourselves to respond to the expectations of our
stakeholders.

Our Capital


 
Financial Capital

We take a disciplined approach to our financial capital allocation strategy, which continues to focus on building stakeholder value and is driven by our priority to invest in the
business. We also seek to optimize our portfolio, look for innovative ways to unlock value across our assets, and, from time-to-time, engage in mergers and acquisitions.

Cash from Operating Activities$B

■ Cash from Operating Activities ■ Adjusted Free Cash Flow


Our Financial Capital Allocation Strategy

Invest in the Business

Our first allocation priority is to invest in R&D and capital spending to capitalize on the opportunity presented by the world's demand for semiconductors. In 2024, we continued
our focus on capital investment and the deployment of our Smart Capital strategy.

Return Excess Cash to Stockholders

Our capital allocation strategy historically included returning excess cash to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Our most recent stock repurchase was in the
first quarter of 2021 and we suspended the declaration of quarterly dividends starting with the fourth quarter of 2024. We agreed under our commercial CHIPS Act agreement to
forgo paying dividends for the next two years, and agreed to limitations on the payment of dividends for the three years thereafter. Further, we do not expect to pay dividends or
make stock repurchases until our cash flows improve as we focus on the critical investments needed to execute our business strategy and create long-term value.

R&D and Capital Investments$B

Cash to Stockholders$B

■ R&D ■ Logic

■ Memory


■ Repurchases ■ Dividend

Optimize our Portfolio and Unlock Value

We seek to drive value creation through transactions such as the 2022 IPO and 2023 secondary offering of Mobileye stock, the 2023 minority stake sales in IMS, and the 2023
announcement of our intent to operate Altera as a standalone business, which we expect to enable potential private and public equity investments. Transactions like these
provide additional capital to support the critical investments needed to advance our business strategy.

Our capital allocation strategy also includes opportunistic investment in and acquisition of companies that complement our strategic objectives. We look for acquisitions that
supplement and strengthen our capital and R&D investments.

Lastly, we take action when investments do not strategically align to our key priorities or provide adequate returns to our stakeholders. In the last few years, we exited numerous
businesses, including our NAND Memory business (first closing in 2021 and second closing expected in March 2025) and our Intel OptaneTM memory business (2022).

®



See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A.

2021-2024 capital investments in Memory are not presented due to the divestiture of the NAND memory business which we deconsolidated upon closing the first phase of the transaction on
December 29, 2021. 2020 capital investments presented include Memory.

Our Capital


 
 
 
Intellectual Capital

Research and Development

R&D investment is critical to enable us to deliver on our technology roadmap, introduce leading products, and develop new businesses and capabilities in the future. We seek to
protect our R&D efforts through our IP rights and may augment R&D initiatives by, from time-to-time, acquiring or investing in companies, entering into R&D agreements, and
directly purchasing or licensing technology.

Areas Key to Product Competitiveness

We have intensified our focus and investment on areas key to product competitiveness. Our objective with each new generation of products is to improve user experiences and
value through advances in performance, power, cost, connectivity, security, form factor, and other features. We also focus on reducing our design complexity, re-using IP, and
increasing ecosystem collaboration to improve our efficiency.

xPU. We believe the future is with xPU across a diverse mix of scalar, vector, matrix, and spatial architectures deployed in CPU, GPU, NPU, IPU, accelerators, and FPGA
sockets, enabled by a scalable software stack and integrated into systems by advanced packaging technology. We are building processors that span several major computing
architectures, moving toward an era of heterogeneous computing:

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

Client CPUs. In 2024, we ramped sales of the Intel CoreTM Ultra Series 1, our first product with an integrated neural processing unit for efficient processing of AI
workload. The Intel Core Ultra Series 1, manufactured on the Intel 4 process, introduced the first AI PCs to the market. We also launched the Intel Core Ultra 200V
Series, showcasing power efficiency and long-lasting battery life. The 200V Series, manufactured by an external foundry, leverages our Xe2 GPU architecture, bringing
improved efficiency, second-generation ray tracing units and XMX AI acceleration to thin and light notebooks. During 2024, a significant majority of our client sales
consisted of our 13th and 14th Gen Intel Core processors, manufactured on Intel 7, which allow us to serve the breadth of customer and computing needs in the client
market.

®

Data center CPUs. We launched our Intel Xeon 6 processors for the data center, utilizing the Intel 3 process, including our first Intel Xeon processor using Efficient
cores (E-cores). The Intel Xeon 6 family is designed to address the growing diversity in workloads and deployments in the data center environments. Our 5th Gen Intel
Xeon Scalable processors, based on Intel 7, were launched in 2023, and continued to ramp throughout 2024.

®

®

®

Discrete client GPUs. The Intel ArcTM graphics family offers modern GPU features to power immersive games, creator applications, and AI workloads. In 2024, we
launched the Intel Arc B-Series based on the latest Xe2 GPU architecture. The compute engine of the Intel Arc B-Series is our second-generation X -core, which
delivers 70%more performance per core and is 50%more power efficient than the Intel Arc A750.
Edge computing. We recently launched a suite of processors for edge computing. This includes the Intel Core Ultra 200S Series, bringing the NPU IP to desktops and
reducing package power. These hybrid designs utilize our most advanced performance cores and power-efficient cores, as well as the latest packaging technology.

e

Datacenter AI accelerators and GPUs. In 2024, we launched the Intel Gaudi 3 AI accelerators offering significant price-performance advantages for AI inference
applications.

®

®

Software. Software unleashes the potential of our hardware platforms across all workloads, domains, and architectures.

We aim to optimize AI frameworks and middleware, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, vLLM, Hugging Face and WebNN to run efficiently on our hardware. Our OpenVINOTM toolkit
is an open source toolkit that accelerates deep learning inference on our processors across various use cases, such as generative AI, computer vision, audio, and language with
industry standard models. It is used in domains from edge to AI PC to cloud and is the leading inferencing library on our silicon.

In 2024 we launched the Open Platform for Enterprise AI under the Linux Foundation to accelerate deployment of generative AI use cases through industry standard modular
microservice architecture. Since launch, the ecosystem has been actively engaged, with an expanding network of partners enhancing features and developing new capabilities.

Most of these frameworks and middleware are built from our oneAPI, which enables developers to create performant cross-architecture applications using a single code base
across CPUs, GPUs, and other accelerators. We contributed our oneAPI specifications and implementations to the UXL Foundation under the Linux Foundation. By doing so,
oneAPI delivers an open and multi-vendor programming model enabling choice and code re-use across the accelerator hardware ecosystem.

This software stack is designed to preserve the usability of existing tools and software while accommodating future developments, enabling continuity for users and developers.

Areas Key to Process and Packaging Competitiveness

Our leading-edge process and packaging technology continues to be key to the success of our strategy.

▪

Intel 7 process node continues in production for our 13th and 14th Gen Intel Core processors. Intel 7 was utilized for a significant majority of our processor production
and products in 2024, and is expected to continue to be utilized for a significant portion of our processor production and products in 2025.

Our Capital


 
▪

▪

▪

▪

Intel 4, our first EUV lithography node, delivers significant density scaling and approximately 20%performance-per-watt improvement over Intel 7. The Intel Core Ultra
processor is our first high-volume client product on Intel 4 and began shipping to customers in 2023. Intel 4 moved to high-volume manufacturing in Ireland in 2024, and
is expected to represent an increasing portion of our processor production and products in 2025.
Intel 3, our second EUV lithography node, delivers further logic scaling and up to 18%performance-per-watt improvement over Intel 4. Intel 3 is offered to external
foundry customers and is optimized for the needs of data center products. This node, which is produced in the same facilities as Intel 4, was in high-volume
manufacturing in Oregon during 2024, with high-volume manufacturing shifted to Ireland for 2025. Intel’s Xeon 6 Scalable server processor offerings are built on this
technology.

Intel 18A is our next generation leading-edge process technology and has been designed to incorporate the first high volume commercial implementation of two
breakthrough technologies: gate-all-around transistors and backside power. RibbonFET, our implementation of a gate-all-around transistor, is designed to deliver faster
transistor switching speeds while achieving the same drive current as multiple fins, but in a smaller footprint. PowerVia is our unique industry-first implementation of
backside power delivery that is designed to optimize signal transmission by eliminating the need for power routing on the front side of the wafer. Intel 18A is offered to
external foundry customers and is designed to deliver improvements in performance per watt and density scaling over Intel 3. We expect to commence high-volume
manufacturing of Panther Lake, our new client family of products and our first processors on Intel 18A, in 2025.
Intel 14A, our third advanced process technology offering to external customers, is in active development with performance-per-watt and density scaling improvements
over Intel 18A.

IP Rights

We own and develop significant IP and related IP rights around the world that support our products, services, R&D, and other activities and assets. Our IP portfolio includes
patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works, and other rights. We actively seek to protect our global IP rights and deter unauthorized use of our IP and other
assets.

We have obtained patents in the US and other countries. Because of the fast pace of innovation and product development, our products are often obsolete before the patents
related to them expire, and in some cases our products may be obsolete before the patents are granted. As we expand our product offerings, particularly around our foundry
business, we also seek to extend our patent development efforts. In addition to developing patents based on our own R&D efforts, we may purchase or license patents from third
parties.

The software that we distribute, including software embedded in our products, is entitled to copyright and other IP protection. To distinguish our products from our competitors'
products, we have obtained trademarks and trade names for our products, and we maintain cooperative advertising programs with customers to promote our brands and to
identify products containing genuine Intel components. We also protect details about our processes, products, and strategies as trade secrets, keeping confidential the
information that we believe provides us with a competitive advantage.

Efforts to protect our IP can be difficult, particularly in countries that provide less protection to IP rights and in the absence of harmonized international IP standards. Competitors
and others may already have IP rights covering similar products. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain IP rights covering our own products or that we will be able to
obtain IP licenses from other companies on favorable terms or at all. For a discussion of IP-related risks, see "Risk Factors" within Risk Factors and Other Key Information. While
our IP rights are important to our success, our business as a whole is not significantly dependent on any single patent, copyright, or other IP right.

Manufacturing Capital

We are one of only a few companies in the world with the process technology and manufacturing facilities to produce leading-edge semiconductor logic chips.

Process Technology

Our technology development group, with its R&D and semiconductor fabrication facilities in Oregon, designs and develops each new process technology node before highvolume production is shifted to one of our high-volume manufacturing sites. With each new node, we seek improvements in performance, power efficiency, cost, and size to meet
the needs of our products and of external foundry customers. The continued development of leading-edge nodes that are competitive with the offerings of other foundries
requires significant ongoing capital investment as we pursue incremental improvements and refinements of existing transistor and layout designs and manufacturing
technologies, such as EUV lithography, while also pursuing new transistor and layout designs, such as gate-all-around and backside power in our upcoming Intel 18A process
node, and new manufacturing technologies, such as high-NA EUV lithography for use in our upcoming Intel 14A process node.

As of the end of 2024, a significant majority of our products were manufactured using our Intel 7 process node in Arizona and Israel, we successfully ramped our Intel 4 and Intel
3 process nodes as our first EUV lithography nodes and shifted high-volume production of those nodes to Ireland, and we canceled the productization of our Intel 20A process
node to focus efforts on the improved version of the node, Intel 18A, that we expect to put into high-volume production in 2025 with our new client family of products code-named
Panther Lake.

Our Capital


 
Manufacturing Facilities

Our geographically distributed network of semiconductor manufacturing facilities and assembly and test facilities allows us to produce advanced semiconductor logic chips in
high volume. After a process technology node is developed by our technology development group, we seek to shift production to one or more high-volume manufacturing
facilities. Maintaining reliable production capacity is of critical importance. Wafer and packaging manufacturing facilities take a number of years to build, making it prudent to build
space ahead of demand. We refer to this strategy as "shell ahead.” As a result of the supply shocks driven by the Covid-19 pandemic and the projected growth of our products
businesses, we set out to expand our capacity network beyond our existing wafer production facilities in Oregon (mostly utilized for technology development and early production
on new nodes), Arizona, Ireland, and Israel to meet this demand and get to “shell ahead” status. We are in the later stages of an expansion of our wafer fabrication facilities in
Ireland for our Intel 4 and Intel 3 process nodes and undertaking a significant expansion of our Arizona facility for our upcoming Intel 18A process node. We are building a new
wafer production facility in Ohio and have plans for an additional new wafer production facility in Germany, but have slowed the completion of the Ohio facility and put the plans
for the facility in Germany on hold as we have reassessed demand and our "shell ahead" status and sought to limit our capital expenditures given recent financial results. We
have assembly and test facilities in Costa Rica, China, Malaysia, New Mexico, and Vietnam. We are expanding our facilities in New Mexico and Malaysia, though we recently
reduced the extent of the expansion plans for Malaysia. We have plans for an additional assembly and test facility in Poland, but have put those plans on hold in conjunction with
the delay of the facility in Germany.

Semiconductor manufacturing requires extremely sophisticated equipment, and we work closely with the tool vendors to align their roadmaps to our needs. In 2024, we made the
transition from non-EUV lithography to EUV lithography with the Intel 4 and Intel 3 process nodes. EUV lithography equipment drives a higher capital investment than the
preceding lithography technology.

Semiconductor manufacturing is a capital-intensive industry. Over the past four years, we have made outsized investments across three categories—technology development,
manufacturing facility shells, and advanced production tools—as we aim to catch up with our leading third-party manufacturing competitor on process technology, get to "shell
ahead" for our and potential future foundry customer needs, and adopt EUV lithography for our leading process nodes. In 2024, our manufacturing capital expenditures, inclusive
of technology development, were distributed 55%in manufacturing facility space and 45%in equipment.

To moderate the impact to our balance sheet and cash flows, we’ve implemented what we call Smart Capital. Smart Capital includes maintaining a "shell ahead" on the longer
lead time space and delaying tool purchases as long as possible ahead of high confidence demand signals while leveraging capital offsets from governments, financial partners,
and customers.

We work closely with governments in the regions where we operate to obtain government incentives to support leading-edge semiconductor R&D and manufacturing in those
regions. Such incentives are often needed to offset the higher costs of operations in such regions, and support a more geographically balanced and risk-tolerant semiconductor
supply chain. We worked closely with the US federal government on the implementation of the CHIPS Act in support of the semiconductor industry and American technological
leadership and innovation. In 2024, we signed an agreement with the US Federal Department of Commerce for the award of up to$7.9 billion in direct funding under the
commercial CHIPS Act program, which is designed to support leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing in the US, as well as an agreement under which we may receive up to$3 billion in direct funding under the CHIPS Act's Secure Enclave program, which is designed to expand the trusted manufacturing of leading-edge semiconductors for the US
government. We also expect and have begun to benefit significantly from the Advanced Manufacturing Investment Credit, given that the significant portion of our R&D and
manufacturing investments are made in the United States.

In 2024, as part of our SCIP program, we entered into an arrangement with Apollo in which we received a one-time capital infusion in exchange for an interest in the rights to
operate Fab 34 in Leixlip, Ireland. This follows our first SCIP agreement, with Brookfield, completed in 2022 and relating to our Arizona facility expansion. In total, we expect
greater than$25 billion of capital offsets through these partnerships.

Finally, as we build out our external foundry services, we expect to receive customer pre-payments to secure capacity and other benefits. Customer pre-payments are a standard
practice for semiconductor manufacturers.

Supply Chain

Our supply chain is a cornerstone of our success and a critical enabler of our mission to deliver cutting-edge technology solutions to our customers. Our global supply chain
supports internal partners across architecture, product design, technology development, manufacturing and operations, and sales and marketing. It encompasses thousands of
suppliers worldwide, forming a robust supply ecosystem designed to enable product and process competitiveness, deliver industry-leading total cost of ownership, and enable
on-time, uninterrupted supply in a responsible and sustainable manner.

Our global supply chain strategy is focused on driving a resilient, diverse, and responsible supply chain that meets the needs of our customers while upholding the highest
standards of safety, quality, technology, availability, and sustainability. We work tirelessly across our supply chain to minimize disruptions, improve productivity, and optimize
capacity utilization and output to meet customer expectations.

Our Capital


 
Human Capital

Our human capital strategy is grounded in our belief that our people are fundamental to our success. Delivering on our strategy and growth ambitions requires attracting,
developing, and retaining top talent across the world. We are committed to creating an inclusive workplace where the world's best engineers and technologists can fulfill their
dreams and create technology that improves the life of every person on the planet. We invest in our highly skilled workforce, which was comprised of 108,900 people as of
December 28, 2024, by creating practices, programs, and benefits that support the evolving world of work and our employees' needs.

Our values—customer first, fearless innovation, results driven, one Intel, inclusion, quality, and integrity—inspire us and are key to delivering on our purpose. All employees are
responsible for upholding these values, the Intel Code of Conduct, and Intel's Global Human Rights Principles, which form the foundation of our policies and practices and ethical
business culture.

Talent Management

We continue to see significant competition for talent throughout the semiconductor industry. Our hiring was limited in 2024, in line with macroeconomic forecasts, financial
performance, and cost-reduction measures, and we took headcount actions in connection with our 2024 Restructuring Plan that are expected to result in an approximate 15%decrease in our core Intel workforce by early 2025. However, the investments we are making to accelerate our process technology require continued and focused efforts to
attract and retain talent—especially technical talent. Our undesired turnover rate was 5.9%in 2024 and 5.6%in 2023.


We invest resources to develop the talent needed to remain at the forefront of innovation and make Intel an employer of choice. We offer training programs and provide rotational
assignment opportunities and have updated our job architecture to help employees create custom learning curricula for building skills and owning their careers. To further support
the growth and development of our people, we offer mentoring in our technical community, drive engagement through employee resource groups, and promote health and
wellness resources to all our people. Through our annual employee experience survey, employee inclusion survey, and manager development feedback survey, employees can
voice their perceptions of the company, their managers, their work experiences, and their learning and development opportunities. Our employees' voices are important to enable
our culture of continuous improvement, and as a result, we link a portion of our executive and employee performance bonus to year-over-year improvements of our employee
experience survey results. Our performance management system is designed to support our cultural evolution and to increase our focus on disciplined execution.

Inclusion

Inclusion is a core element of Intel's values and instrumental to driving innovation and positioning us for growth. Over the past decade, we have taken actions to integrate
diversity and inclusion expectations into our culture, performance and management systems, leadership expectations, and annual bonus metrics. Through our annual employee
inclusion survey, employees can voice their experiences at Intel and provide feedback on how we can continue to improve. To drive accountability, we linked a portion of our
executive and employee compensation to diversity and inclusion metrics in 2024.

In 2024, women represented 27.9%of our global employees, 18.3%of our senior leadership positions , and 25.3%of our technical positions. Underrepresented minorities ,
including Black/African American employees, Hispanic, and Native American employees, represented 17.8%of our US employees and 8.7%of our US senior leadership
positions.





Undesired turnover includes all regular Intel employees who voluntarily left Intel, but does not include Intel contract employees, interns, or employees who separated from Intel due to divestiture,
retirement, voluntary separation packages, death, job elimination, or redeployment, or Mobileye and other non-integrated subsidiaries employees.
Senior leadership is defined as salary grades 10+ or equivalent grades. Population includes all regular Intel employees but does not include Mobileye and other non-integrated subsidiaries
employees.
 Underrepresented minority population includes all regular Intel employees but does not include Mobileye and other non-integrated subsidiaries employees.

Our Capital


 
Compensation and Benefits

We structure pay, benefits, and services to meet the varying needs of our employees, helping support employee financial well-being with competitive compensation, investment
opportunities, and financial resources. Our total rewards package includes market-competitive pay, broad-based stock grants and bonuses, an employee stock purchase plan,
healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off and family leave, parent reintegration, family expansion assistance, flexible work schedules, sabbaticals, and on-site services.
Since 2019, we have achieved gender pay equity globally and we continue to maintain race/ethnicity pay equity in the US. We achieve pay equity by closing the gap in average
pay between employees of different genders or race/ethnicity in the same or similar roles after accounting for legitimate business factors that can explain differences, such as
location, time at grade level, and tenure. We have also advanced transparency in our pay and representation data by publicly releasing our EEO-1 survey pay data since 2019.
We believe that our holistic approach toward pay equity, representation, and creating an inclusive culture enables us to cultivate a workplace that helps employees develop and
progress in their careers at all levels. Our "hybrid-first" approach to working was informed by employees surveyed around the globe and involves the majority of our employees
splitting their time between working remotely and in the office. Hybrid-first and remote work options cast a wider recruitment net and support our ambition to hire the best global
talent. Currently, there is no company-wide mandate on the number of days per week employees should be on site or how they should collaborate. Our goal is to enable remote
and on-site work where it drives the best output, while providing our employees with equitable access to systems, resources, and opportunities that allow them to succeed.

Health, Safety, and Wellness

We are committed to providing a safe and injury-free workplace. We regularly invest in programs designed to improve physical, mental, and social well-being. We provide access
to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs, including on-site health centers, and we aim to increase awareness of and support for mental
and behavioral health. We intend to continue our efforts to build our strong safety culture and drive the global expansion of our corporate wellness program through employee
education and engagement activities.

Social and Relationship Capital

We are committed to engaging in initiatives that support our communities and help us develop trusted relationships with our stakeholders. Proactive engagement with our
stakeholders and investments in social impact initiatives, including those aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, advance our position as a leading
corporate citizen and create shared value for Intel, our global supply chain, and our communities.

Economic and social. The health of our business and local economies depends in part on continued investments in innovation. We provide high-skill, high-paying jobs around the
world, many of which are manufacturing and R&D jobs located in our factories. As we expand operations in both existing and new locations, we are building a pipeline of qualified
workers through our talent strategy and the many investments we are making in education. We also benefit economies through our R&D ecosystem spending, sourcing activities,
employee spending, and tax payments.

Human rights commitment. We are committed to maintaining and improving systems and processes to avoid causing or contributing to adverse impacts on human rights in our
operations, products, and supply chain. We have established an integrated approach to managing human rights across our business, including senior-level management
involvement and board-level oversight. We also meet throughout the year with external stakeholders and experts on human rights to continue to inform and evolve our human
rights policies and oversight processes. While we do not always know nor can we control what products our customers create or the applications end users may develop, we do
not support or tolerate our products being used to adversely impact human rights. Where we become aware of a concern that Intel products are being used by a business partner
in connection with abuses of human rights, we intend to evaluate and restrict or cease business with the third party unless and until we have high confidence that Intel's products
are not being used to adversely impact human rights.

Supply Chain Responsibility

We actively manage our supply chain to help reduce risk, improve product quality, achieve environmental and social goals, and improve overall performance and value creation
for Intel, our customers, and our suppliers. To drive responsible and sustainable practices throughout our supply chain, we have robust programs to educate and engage
suppliers that support our global manufacturing operations. We actively collaborate with other companies and lead industry initiatives on key issues such as improving
transparency around climate and water impacts in the global electronics supply chain, and we are advancing collaboration across our industry on responsible minerals sourcing.
Through these efforts, we help set electronics industry-wide standards, develop audit processes, and conduct training.

Over the past decade, we have directly engaged with suppliers to verify compliance and build operational capacity to address risks of forced and bonded labor and other human
rights issues. We perform periodic audits and identify critical direct suppliers to engage through capability-building programs, which help suppliers build sustainability acumen and
verify compliance with the Responsible Business Alliance and the Intel Code of Conduct. We also engage with indirect suppliers through our programs on forced and bonded
labor, responsible minerals, and supplier diversity.

Our Capital


 
Natural Capital

Reducing our environmental footprint as we grow helps us create efficiencies, support our communities, and respond to the needs of our stakeholders. We invest in
environmental projects and set company-wide environmental goals to drive reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, energy and water use, and waste to landfills. We build
energy efficiency into our products to help our customers lower their own emissions, energy usage, and costs, and we collaborate with policymakers and other stakeholders to
use technology to address environmental challenges.

We continue to take action on emissions reduction strategies focused on emissions abatement, and to make additional investments in renewable electricity, process and
equipment optimization, and energy conservation. In 2024, we linked a portion of the executive and employee performance bonus to our goal to reduce our 2024 Scope 1 and 2
greenhouse gas emissions by 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, compared to 2023. We also focus on addressing climate change impacts upstream and
downstream in the value chain. This includes improving product energy efficiency and increasing the positive impact of our products by leveraging opportunities for Intel
technologies to enable other sectors of the economy to reduce their climate and energy footprints.

Energy

We focus on reducing our own climate change impact, and over the past two decades have reduced our direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions associated with energy
consumption and invested in renewable electricity and on-site alternative energy projects. In 2024, continuing our practice of linking a portion of our executive and employee
performance bonus to our corporate sustainability metrics, we linked a portion of the performance bonus to our 2024 target to reach 95%renewable electricity use globally.

Water Stewardship

Water is essential to the semiconductor manufacturing process. We use ultrapure water to remove impurities from our silicon wafers, and we use fresh and reclaimed water to
run our manufacturing facility systems. Our water strategy illustrates our commitment to manage water resources efficiently. In 2024, we linked a portion of our executive and
employee performance bonus to our target to conserve and restore 13.5 billion gallons of water during the year.

Circular Economy and Waste Management

We have long been committed to waste management, recycling, and circular economy strategies that enable the recovery and productive re-use of waste streams. We continue
to focus on opportunities to upcycle waste by improving waste segregation practices and collaborating with our suppliers to evaluate new technologies for waste recovery. In
2024, we linked a portion of our executive and employee performance bonus to our interim target to achieve a greater than 90%recycling rate of construction waste.

Governance and Disclosure

We are committed to transparency around our carbon footprint and climate risk, and use the framework developed by the TCFD to inform our disclosure on climate governance,
strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. For governance and strategy, we follow an integrated approach to address climate change, with multiple teams responsible
for managing climate-related activities, initiatives, and policies, with senior-level management involvement and board-level oversight, including the Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee. We describe our overall risk management processes in our proxy statement, and describe climate-related risks and opportunities in our annual Corporate
Responsibility Report, the Intel Climate Change Policy, the Intel Climate Transition Action Plan, and "Risk Factors" within this Form 10-K. In addition, our Corporate Responsibility
Report includes a mapping of our disclosure to the TCFD, GRI, and SASB frameworks. The Corporate Responsibility Report and our CDP Climate Change and Water Surveys
are available on our website and are published annually.



The contents of our website and our Corporate Responsibility Report, Climate Change Policy, Climate Transition Action Plan, and CDP Climate Change and Water Surveys are referenced for general
information only and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.

Our Capital


 
Management's Discussion and Analysis

Overview

We are a global designer and manufacturer of semiconductor products, including CPUs and other solutions, primarily marketed and sold through our Intel Products business and
manufactured via our Intel Foundry operations and other suppliers. Our customers primarily include OEMs, ODMs, cloud service providers, and other manufacturers and service
providers, such as industrial and communication equipment manufacturers and other cloud service providers who buy our products through distributor, reseller, retail, and OEM
channels throughout the world. We market and sell these products directly through our global sales and marketing organizations and indirectly through channel partners. We
manufacture our products at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities located throughout the world. We seek to expand our Intel Foundry business as a third-party foundry
for external customers.

A Year in Review

2024 revenue was$53.1 billion, down$1.1 billion, or 2%, from 2023 due to lower all other revenue and lower Intel Foundry revenue, partially offset by higher Intel Products
revenue. All other revenue decreased 32%from 2023, driven by lower Altera revenue due to customers tempering purchases to reduce existing inventories across all product
lines and lower Mobileye revenue as customers tempered purchases to reduce existing inventories of EyeQ products. Intel Foundry external revenue decreased 60%from 2023
due to lower traditional packaging services and lower equipment sales. Intel Products revenue increased 3%from 2023 due primarily to higher CCG and DCAI revenue. CCG
revenue increased 4%from 2023 primarily due to higher notebook volume compared to 2023 and was partially offset by lower other CCG revenue, which decreased from 2023
due to the exit of legacy businesses, and lower desktop revenue, which decreased on lower demand compared to 2023. DCAI revenue increased 1%from 2023 driven by higher
server revenue primarily from high core count products, which increased ASPs and lowered volume compared to 2023.

Our consolidated results of operations in 2024 were meaningfully impacted by non-cash impairments and the acceleration of depreciation for certain manufacturing assets,
restructuring charges resulting from our 2024 Restructuring Plan, non-cash impairments of goodwill and certain other assets, as well as non-cash charges related to a valuation
allowance recognized against our US deferred tax assets. In 2024, we invested$16.5 billion in R&D, made gross capital investments of$25.1 billion, and had$8.3 billion in cash
from operations and negative$2.2 billion of adjusted free cash flow .

Our 2024 results reflect the continued advancement of our transformational journey. In 2024, our previously announced internal foundry operating model took effect, creating a
foundry relationship between our Intel Products business (collectively CCG, DCAI, and NEX) and the Intel Foundry business (including Foundry Technology Development,
Foundry Manufacturing and Supply Chain, and Foundry Services, formerly IFS). The foundry operating model is designed to reshape operational dynamics and drive greater
transparency, accountability, and focus on costs and efficiency. In furtherance of our internal foundry operating model, we began separately reporting the financials for our Intel
Products and Intel Foundry businesses in Q1 2024 and, in Q3 2024, we announced our intent to establish Intel Foundry as an independent subsidiary. We also made meaningful
progress on our previously announced plan to operate Altera as a standalone business beginning in Q1 2024, readying the business and paving the way for value capture
opportunities in early 2025.

®

Restructuring

In 2024, we announced our intention to implement a series of cost and capital reduction initiatives designed to adjust our spending to current business trends while enabling our
new operating model and continuing to fund investments in our core strategy—returning to product and process competitiveness. These initiatives, which we refer to as our 2024
Restructuring Plan, include reducing headcount, consolidating and reducing our global real estate footprint, conducting portfolio reviews of our businesses under a "clean sheet"
view, rationalizing capital investments and deployments based upon demand signals and capacity requirements, and reducing our overall operating expenses. The headcount
actions in connection with the 2024 Restructuring Plan are expected to result in an approximate 15%decrease in our core Intel workforce by early 2025. As a result of initiating
and deploying our 2024 Restructuring Plan, we recognized restructuring charges of$2.8 billion in 2024.

Our 2024 consolidated results of operations were also materially impacted by the following:

■

■

■$3.3 billion of charges, substantially all of which were recorded to cost of sales, related to non-cash impairments and the acceleration of depreciation for certain
manufacturing assets, a substantial majority of which related to our Intel 7 process node;$3.1 billion of non-cash charges associated with the impairment of goodwill for certain of our reporting units as well as certain acquired intangible assets (see "Note 7:
Restructuring and Other Charges" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements); and$9.9 billion of non-cash charges recorded to provision for income taxes that substantially related to valuation allowances recorded to our net deferred tax assets (see "Note
8: Income Taxes" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

Segments and Prior Year Results

During 2024, we managed our business through the operating segments that are presented below and have included the 2024, 2023, and 2022 segment financial results and
related discussions of our segments' results of operations. Our segments' results of operations presented below exclude the$7.0 billion of restructuring and other charges and$9.9 billion of charges resulting from valuation allowances recorded against our net deferred tax assets, in addition to certain other items, as our CODMs receive, view, and use
information for decision-making purposes based upon segment results that exclude such items.

MD&A


We have also included the 2024, 2023, and 2022 consolidated financial results and related discussions of our consolidated results of operations for 2024 relative to 2023
subsequent to the operating segment discussion below. A discussion regarding our consolidated results of operations for 2023 relative to 2022 is included in our 2023 Form 10-K.
"Note 3: Operating Segments" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K reconciles our segment and consolidated results for each of the periods
presented.


See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" within MD&A.

Operating Segment Trends and Results

Intel Products

Intel Products consists substantially of the design, development, marketing, sale, support, and servicing of CPUs and related solutions for external customers. Intel Products is
composed of three operating segments: CCG, DCAI, and NEX.

Client Computing Group

Market and Business Overview

Overview

We are committed to advancing PC experiences by delivering competitive products and deepening our relationships with industry partners to co-engineer and deliver leading
platform innovation. We bring together the operating system, system architecture, hardware, and software application integration to enable industry-leading PC experiences. We
embrace these opportunities by focusing on our roadmap, delivering innovative PC capabilities, and designing advanced PC experiences. By doing this, we believe we help fuel
innovation across the industry, providing a solid source of IP, scale, and cash flow for Intel.

Market Trends and Strategy

In 2024, the PC market started to stabilize from a soft macroeconomic environment and inflationary pressures, with PC supply and demand levels beginning to normalize. We
remain positive on the long-term outlook for PCs, as household density is stable to increasing, educational device penetration rates remain low outside of the US, and PC usage
remains elevated compared to pre-pandemic rates . Commercial growth opportunities also remain as corporations expand the size of their PC fleets, while also replacing older
devices. Currently, more than 200 million commercial devices are more than four years old .


We recently introduced our Intel Core Ultra processor family that serves as the CPU for the AI PC, which enables AI capabilities at the client level. We believe the AI PC is a
significant potential driver of PC demand over the coming years, and believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on this trend that we expect will support a long-term PC TAM of
300 million units .

We deliver value to our customers by leveraging our engineering capabilities and working with our partners across an open, innovative ecosystem to deliver technology that
drives every major aspect of the computing experience, including performance, power efficiency, battery life, connectivity, graphics, and form factors, to create the most
advanced PC platforms. We design our products with a philosophy of openness and choice, and seek to continually provide more competitive products with more capabilities for
customers.

Products and Competition

In 2023, we introduced a significant update to our client compute brands to make it easier for customers to identify the right client solutions for their compute needs. Those
brands include Intel, Intel Core and Intel Core Ultra. The Intel and Intel Core brands have been staples of the PC industry for nearly two decades and represented our highest
volume products by unit sales in 2024. These products are designed to serve a broad cross-section of the customer and computing needs in the client market.

The Intel Core Ultra processor family, which we launched at the end of 2023, delivers significant advancements in graphics, AI, and multi-threaded CPU performance and
introduced the AI PC to the market. In the second half of 2024, the next-generation Intel Core Ultra 200V Series became our highest performance client processors, with
increased battery life for mobile PCs. We also introduced the Intel Core Ultra 200S Series processors, catering to the desktop enthusiast market. We remain committed to
delivering the most advanced processing power to support the growing demands of AI, graphics, and multi-threaded workloads.

We operate in a particularly competitive market. In processors, we compete with Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) and vendors who design applications processors based on
ARM architecture, such as Apple Inc. (Apple) with its M series products and Qualcomm Inc. (Qualcomm) with its Snapdragon product. We expect this competitive environment to
continue to intensify in 2025.

We remain committed to creating an open ecosystem to foster growth and technology innovations. We embrace and collaborate with a global ecosystem of industry partners to
deliver competitive technologies together.




Source: Intel calculated PC density from industry analyst reports.
Source: Intel calculated volume of devices over four years old from industry analyst reports and internal data.
Source: Intel calculated multi-year TAM forecast derived from industry analyst reports.

MD&A


Data Center and AI

Market and Business Overview

Overview

DCAI delivers innovative workload-optimized solutions to cloud service providers and enterprises, along with silicon devices for communications service providers, network and
edge, and HPC customers. Our unique capabilities enable us to help solve our customers' most complex challenges with the depth and breadth of our hardware and software
portfolio. Our global customers and partners encompass cloud hyperscalers, multinational corporations, small-and medium-sized enterprises, independent hardware and
software vendors, systems integrators, communications service providers, and governments.

Market Trends and Strategy

Data is a significant force in society and is generated daily at an unprecedented pace. The desire to harness insights from data to drive better outcomes for businesses and
society is ever expanding. AI is becoming pervasive in nearly all applications, creating the potential for intelligence everywhere, and enabling powerful new uses of compute
resources across all market segments. We believe we benefit from the significant installed base of Intel Xeon processors, and we are seeking to expand our portfolio of
heterogeneous compute solutions (IPUs, AI accelerators, and future GPUs) to more fully participate in this high-growth area. DCAI is focused on the AI ecosystem, developer
tools, frameworks, networking and memory, technologies, and open standards to drive a scalable path forward. We take a system-level approach that supplies the necessary
hardware and software optimized for power and performance. Our technology is differentiated at the system level and in high-growth workloads based on our integrated
hardware acceleration engines and software. For example, architected into our Intel Xeon processors are Intel Advanced Matrix Extensions (Intel AMX) for AI acceleration;
Intel Software Guard Extensions (Intel SGX), providing enclaves of protected memory designed to deliver enhanced security for sensitive data; and Intel Crypto Acceleration,
which is designed to deliver breakthrough performance across cryptographic algorithms. We believe this acceleration and performance will continue to drive our differentiated
value and growth across our customer base.

®

®

®

®

®

Products and Competition

Our products and services include:

■ a portfolio of hardware, including Intel Xeon processors, Intel Gaudi processors, and a software suite to enable the ecosystem and deliver solutions, including enterprise

retrieval-augmented generation;

■ platform enabling and validation in partnership with OEMs, CSPs, and independent hardware and software vendors; and

■ optimized solutions for leading workloads such as AI, cryptography, security, storage, and networking, leveraging differentiated features supporting diverse compute

environments.

We provide our customers with an extensive portfolio of silicon and software products, engineered to deliver workload-optimized performance. Our hardware portfolio primarily
comprises CPUs and also includes accelerators, all designed to support the performance, agility, and security that our customers demand. Deployment of our silicon platforms is
accelerated by a software development environment that enables workload mobility across our heterogeneous architectures and enables developers to execute their workloads
on the hardware that best meets application requirements.

Our competitors include hardware vendors such as AMD that compete with us across the full spectrum of CPUs, GPUs, accelerators, and other products; providers of GPU
systems such as NVIDIA; companies developing their own custom silicon; and new entrants and incumbents developing ARM- and RISC-V-based products customized for
specific data center workloads. We expect this competitive landscape to continue to evolve.

The Intel Xeon Scalable processor family delivers advanced CPUs for the data center, the network, and the edge, driving performance, manageability, and security with
differentiated features and capabilities. In 2024, we launched the Intel Xeon 6 processors with Efficient-cores (or E-Cores) and Performance-cores (or P-cores). Our E-core
processors feature single-threaded cores for scale-out, parallel workloads, while our P-core processors feature hyperthreaded cores and built-in matrix engines that are designed
for more compute-intensive workloads such as AI.

Our AI processor offerings consist of our Gaudi AI accelerators. In 2024, we launched the Intel Gaudi 3 AI accelerators with enhanced memory bandwidth, flexibility, and AI
compute capabilities. We were developing Falcon Shores as our next-generation AI accelerator to succeed the Gaudi product line; however, based on customer feedback we will
utilize it as an internal test chip rather than bring it to market. We are focusing our efforts on the development of our Jaguar Shores AI accelerator, previously targeted to succeed
Falcon Shores, as our first generally programmable GPU AI accelerator offering to customers.

The ubiquity of Intel Xeon processors in the installed base, along with our heterogeneous compute solutions combined with software that unlocks the value of our hardware,
enable our customers to develop highly differentiated solutions. Our integrated approach has created significant value for Intel, our customers, and our partners by helping us
mitigate risks, reduce costs, build brand value, and identify new market opportunities to apply our technology to address our customers' and society's most complex issues.

MD&A

Network and Edge

Market and Business Overview

Overview

NEX aims to transform the world's networks and edge compute systems from fixed-function hardware to general-purpose compute, acceleration, and networking devices running
cloud native software on programmable hardware. We work with partners and customers to deliver and deploy intelligent edge platforms that allow developers to achieve agility
and drive automation using AI for efficient operations while securing the integrity of their data at the edge. We have a broad portfolio of hardware and software platforms, tools,
and ecosystem partnerships for the rapid digital transformation happening from the cloud to the edge. We are leveraging our core strengths in compute, connectivity, software,
and manufacturing at scale to grow traditional markets and to accelerate entry into emerging ones.

Market Trends and Strategy

The Internet is undergoing a shift toward a cloud-to-edge infrastructure, combining unrivaled scale and capacity in the cloud with faster response times at nearby edges. As AI is
transforming and automating every industry—from factories to smart cities to hospitals—the demand for high-performance computing at the edge has expanded exponentially.
Networks are moving toward software, becoming more programmable and flexible.

Our network and edge solutions aim to unleash the power of intelligent edge solutions for our customers and move the world's networks to a software infrastructure that runs on
Intel technologies by providing edge-optimized, AI-enabled compute and connectivity solutions to run every workload at the edge, between the cloud and the end user, and
deploying software platforms that enable developers to build, deploy, run, manage, connect, and secure distributed edge infrastructure, applications, and edge AI across several
verticals, such as industrials, federal, aerospace, retail, healthcare, education, and smart cities.

Products

With a greater emphasis on systems and solutions designed to harness the growth of data processed at the edge to yield insights, our competitive landscape has shifted beyond
application-specific standard product vendors to include cloud, network, and AI computing platform providers.

Today, we speed the deployment of network and edge computing solutions based on our open software frameworks, AI-enabled platform solutions, and edge and networkoptimized broad silicon portfolio to address a wide range of applications across several markets.

On-Premises Edge: More than just providing silicon, we partner with companies to design and deliver solutions to help a wide range of customers transform their businesses and
take advantage of the rapidly increasing number of connected and intelligent devices. We develop high-performance, AI-enabled compute platforms that solve for technology and
business use cases that scale across several industries, such as retail, education, manufacturing, energy, healthcare, and medical.

We deliver edge-optimized AI-enabled platforms for edge applications based on our Intel Xeon, Intel Core, and Intel Atom processor portfolio, which reduces operational
complexity for our customers and helps our customers create, store, and process data at the edge so they can analyze it faster and act on it sooner. We also build differentiated
networking offerings that keep pace with industry speeds and deliver unique features needed for the intelligent edge, such as networking offloads, time-sensitive networking, and
scalable reliable transport.

® 

Enterprise Networking: Enterprises are evolving their networks to connect new and varying environments, host services from anywhere between cloud and edge, deliver
heightened service levels, and handle growing volumes of devices and data. We are leading the world's shift to run networking workloads in software and create network function
virtualization to provide our customers with more efficient, cost-effective, and programmable platforms that enable secure, agile, and reliable networking solutions from edge to
cloud. We work with our ecosystem partners of over 500 network builders to help enterprises optimize their networks with right-sized compute and connectivity requirements for
current and future needs.

Telecommunication Networks: We lead 5G core network deployments, demonstrating that 5G base stations can be almost entirely built from software running on Intel Xeon
processors with Intel vRAN Boost. We continue to drive the transformation from fixed-function networks onto Intel Xeon Scalable processors and Intel Xeon D processors
coupled with our FlexCore and FlexRANTM software. Our customers are tier-one global communication service providers and their equipment suppliers. Our software-based
cloud RAN platform is designed to allow operators to deploy the fastest cloud-native 5G infrastructure quickly and efficiently at scale to meet the needs of their end customers.

®

Cloud Networking: Our cloud customers require uncompromised data center network performance and reliability driven by increased networking investments to support AI cluster
deployments. We address these requirements by providing our open-standards-based NICs and IPUs. The IPU, a new class of product, is an open and programmable compute
platform that frees up more compute cycles for customers by running infrastructure workloads in a separate, secure, and isolated set of CPU cores.

MD&A


Intel Products Financial Performance


(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin
Operating expenses
Operating income

Gross margin%Operating margin%(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin
Operating expenses
Operating income

Gross margin%Operating margin%(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin
Operating expenses
Operating income

Gross margin%Operating margin%Dec 28, 2024

CCG

DCAI

NEX

Total$$30,290$14,569 
15,721 
4,801 
10,920$52%36%12,817$6,792 
6,025 
4,687 
1,338$47%10%Dec 30, 2023

5,842$2,457 
3,385 
2,454 

931$58%16%48,949 
23,818 
25,131 
11,942 
13,189 

51%27%CCG

DCAI

NEX

Total$$$$$$$$29,258
14,606
14,652
5,139
9,513

50%33%CCG

31,773
16,826
14,947
6,740
8,207

47%26%$$12,635
6,420
6,215
4,595
1,620

49%13%Dec 31, 2022

DCAI

NEX$$16,856
7,081
9,775
5,577
4,198

58%25%$$$$5,774
3,095
2,679
2,475

46%4%8,409
3,856
4,553
3,021
1,532

54%18%47,667
24,121
23,546
12,209
11,337

49%24%Total

57,038
27,763
29,275
15,338
13,937

51%24%Operating segment results include intersegment financial activity; refer to "Note 3: Operating Segments" for a reconciliation between our operating segment and consolidated financial results for

the periods presented.

Operating Segment Revenue Summary

2024 vs. 2023

Total Intel Products revenue was$48.9 billion in 2024, up$1.3 billion from 2023.

▪

▪

▪

CCG revenue increased$1.0 billion from 2023. Notebook revenue was$19.1 billion in 2024, up$2.1 billion from 2023. Notebook volume increased 12%from 2023, as
customer inventory levels improved compared to higher levels in 2023. Notebook ASPs were roughly flat with 2023. Desktop revenue was$9.7 billion, down$516
million from 2023. Desktop volume decreased 5%from 2023, primarily due to lower demand compared to 2023. Desktop ASPs were roughly flat with 2023. Other CCG
revenue was$1.6 billion, down$530 million from 2023, primarily driven by the exit of legacy businesses.

DCAI revenue increased$182 million from 2023, primarily driven by an increase in server revenue. Server ASPs increased 12%from 2023, primarily due to a higher
mix of high core count products. Server volume decreased 10%from 2023, due to lower demand in a competitive environment and a higher mix of high core count
products.

NEX revenue increased$68 million from 2023, primarily driven by higher Network and Edge revenue, partially offset by 5G customers tempering purchases to reduce
existing inventories.

MD&A

2023 vs. 2022

Total Intel Products revenue was$47.7 billion in 2023, down$9.4 billion from 2022.

▪

▪

▪

CCG revenue decreased$2.5 billion from 2022. Notebook revenue was$17.0 billion, down$1.8 billion from 2022. Notebook volume decreased 5%from 2022, driven
by lower demand across market segments, partially offset by increased volume in the second half of 2023 as customer inventory levels normalized compared to higher
levels in the first half of 2023. Notebook ASPs decreased 5%from 2022 due to relative strength in the education market segment resulting in a higher mix of small core
products combined with a higher mix of older generation products. Desktop revenue was$10.2 billion, down$495 million from 2022. Desktop volume decreased 9%from 2022, driven by lower demand across market segments, partially offset by increased volume in the second half of 2023 as customer inventory levels normalized
compared to higher levels in the first half of 2023. Desktop ASPs increased 5%from 2022, due to an increased mix of product sales to the commercial and gaming
market segments. Other CCG revenue was$2.1 billion, down$229 million from 2022, primarily driven by the continued ramp down of our legacy smartphone modem
business and lower demand for our wireless and connectivity products as a result of lower notebook volumes.

DCAI revenue decreased$4.2 billion from 2022, driven by a decrease in server revenue. Server volume decreased 37%from 2022, due to lower demand in a softening
CPU data center market. Server ASPs increased 20%from 2022, primarily due to a lower mix of hyperscale customer-related revenue and a higher mix of high core
count products.

NEX revenue decreased$2.6 billion from 2022, as customers tempered purchases to reduce inventories and adjust to a lower demand environment across product
lines.

Operating Segment Cost of Sales and Operating Expenses Summary

2024 vs. 2023

Cost of Sales

Total Intel Products cost of sales was$23.8 billion in 2024, down$303 million from 2023.

▪

▪

▪

CCG cost of sales decreased$37 million from 2023, primarily driven by lower samples and lower cost of sales due to the exit of legacy businesses. These decreases
were substantially offset by higher cost of sales due to higher unit cost from an increased mix of Intel 4 and Intel 7 products and higher notebook volume sold in 2024.

DCAI cost of sales increased$372 million from 2023, primarily driven by higher period charges due to$922 million in Gaudi AI accelerator inventory-related charges
recognized in 2024, and higher server unit cost primarily driven by an increased mix of Intel 7 products sold in 2024. These cost of sales increases were partially offset
by lower period charges driven by the sell-through of previously reserved inventory and lower non-accelerator inventory reserves taken in 2024.

NEX cost of sales decreased$638 million from 2023, primarily driven by lower period charges from the sell-through of previously reserved inventory and lower reserves
taken in 2024.

Operating Expenses

Total Intel Products operating expenses were$11.9 billion, down$267 million from 2023.

▪

▪

▪

CCG operating expenses decreased$338 million from 2023, primarily driven by intersegment credits and various cost-reduction measures taken in 2024.

DCAI operating expenses increased$92 million from 2023, primarily driven by increased product development costs in 2024, partially offset by various cost-reduction
measures taken in 2024.

NEX operating expenses were roughly flat with 2023.

2023 vs. 2022

Cost of Sales

Total Intel Products cost of sales was$24.1 billion in 2023, down$3.6 billion from 2022.

▪

▪

▪

CCG cost of sales decreased$2.2 billion from 2022, primarily driven by lower period charges from the sell-through of previously reserved inventory and lower reserves
taken in 2023, and lower notebook and desktop sales volume. These decreases in cost of sales were partially offset by higher unit costs primarily from an increased mix
of Intel 7 products sold in 2023.

DCAI cost of sales decreased$661 million from 2022, primarily driven by lower server sales volume, lower sample costs, and lower period charges from the sell-through
of previously reserved inventory and lower reserves taken in 2023. These cost of sales decreases were partially offset by higher unit cost primarily from an increased
mix of Intel 7 products sold in 2023.

NEX cost of sales decreased$761 million from 2022, driven by lower sales volume across product lines, partially offset by higher period charges driven by inventory
reserves taken in 2023.

MD&A


Operating Expenses

Total Intel Products operating expenses were$12.2 billion in 2023, down$3.1 billion from 2022, primarily driven by various cost-reduction measures across all of our Intel
Products operating segments.

▪

▪

▪

CCG operating expenses decreased$1.6 billion from 2022.

DCAI operating expenses decreased$982 million from 2022.

NEX operating expenses decreased$546 million from 2022.

Intel Foundry

Market and Business Overview

Overview

Intel Foundry, comprising technology development, manufacturing and foundry services, seeks to deliver the best systems foundry capabilities to support Intel Products and
external customers. As the stewards of Moore's Law, we aim to continue to innovate and advance world-class silicon process and advanced packaging technologies. Our foundry
offerings benefit from several key advantages: our robust design ecosystem with key industry partners; our systems of chips capabilities; and our secure, resilient, and
sustainable supply chain. Our foundry is built on the foundation of our silicon process and advanced packaging technology offerings and enables co-optimized solutions for the AI
era. We are strengthening the resilience of the global semiconductor supply chain for leading-edge and mature node semiconductor products by investing in geographically
balanced and more sustainable manufacturing capacity. As a foundry for the AI era, Intel Foundry brings together these critical components to help drive the next phase of
technology innovation.

Market Trends and Strategy

AI is driving transformational changes in the global market for semiconductors. AI demands an ever-increasing amount of computation performance and an ever-increasing need
for power efficiency. To deliver the step function changes in performant yet efficient and cost-effective systems required to enable AI, a generational shift in computer
architectures is underway, built on smaller, more efficient and performant transistors. Architectures are shifting from general monolithic silicon chips to systems of interconnected
chiplets optimized for specific workloads and market segments, requiring more advanced packaging technologies to stitch together these increasingly complex designs. The
global semiconductor industry and our customers are changing the way they build chips and systems while simultaneously redesigning their supply chains to be more resilient
and sustainable.

Over time, the capital intensity of leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing has grown meaningfully and forced most manufacturers to give up the pursuit of Moore’s Law as
they lacked sufficient scale to drive a positive return on investments in the next-generation process technology. Currently, we believe we are only one of three manufacturers
pursuing 2nm lithography. Leading-edge foundries seek to amortize their leading-edge investments over many years. In early years, they seek to maximize volume and pricing
on leading-edge designs that benefit from the most performant transistors. In later years, when the once advanced process technology becomes a mature technology, ease of
design and manufacturing cost become more paramount.

Our strategy builds on our history of developing leading-edge semiconductor technologies for our products. While we expect our manufacturing facilities to continue to mostly
produce our own products for many years to come, we are aiming to become a major provider of semiconductor manufacturing solutions for third parties as well. As we pursue
that strategy, the volume from our own products helps provide the significant scale required for leading-edge foundry operations and helps derisk our foundry offerings for our
third-party customers. The addition of third-party customers would, on the leading edge, help provide further scale to support our foundry operations and, for process nodes that
are mature, enable better monetization of our technology and manufacturing facility investments. We plan to create greater independence for our foundry operations by
establishing Intel Foundry as an independent subsidiary. We expect this to provide Intel Foundry with clearer separation and independence for foundry customers and suppliers
and increase our flexibility to evaluate separate sources of funding and capital structures for our foundry and product businesses.

Products, Services, and Competition

Intel Foundry combines technology, manufacturing, supply chain, and systems capabilities to enable systems to be optimized for their workloads while providing resilience and
sustainability in the supply chain. Intel Foundry aims to deliver leading-edge process technology and to build out offerings of mature process nodes for third parties. Our factory
network provides geographically balanced manufacturing capacity. Intel Foundry enables Intel Products and external customers to benefit from our advanced technologies,
systems capabilities, and manufacturing network, and we expect to achieve volume production of products on our 2nm node, Intel 18A, in 2025.

We seek to address the transformational shift in the semiconductor industry being driven by AI and the demand for ever-increasing computation power by providing leading
foundry capabilities to support Intel Products and external customers, delivered from a resilient, secure, and more sustainable supply chain. Intel Foundry's offerings are
foundational and consist of advanced process technologies enabled by an ecosystem of electronic design automation tools, intellectual property, and design services from
vendors used by our external customers. This ecosystem enables external customers to design with Intel technologies as they would with other foundries. The systems of chips
capabilities include architecture, advanced packaging technologies, software, and services to accelerate time to market, and driving standards to improve system performance
and power consumption.

MD&A


Intel Foundry's process technologies available to external customers are expected to include our upcoming Intel 18A process featuring RibbonFET (gate-all-around) and
PowerVia (back-side power delivery) as expected industry firsts; our new Intel 3 process using EUV lithography; our established Intel 7 and Intel 16 process technologies; and a
new 12nm foundry process technology we are developing in collaboration with United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC). We announced an extension to our leading-edge
roadmap beyond Intel 18A with the introduction of Intel 14A. Intel Foundry's advanced semiconductor assembly and test offerings include families of advanced technologies for
packaging single chips or combining multiple chips together in a package, adjacent to each other, stacked on top of each other, or through a combination thereof. In addition to
our core packaging technologies, we have differentiated capabilities to design and produce complex packaged parts with optimal performance, power, and cost at high yield. We
continue to drive the technologies, capabilities, and standards needed to optimize systems of chips, including the Universal Chiplet Interconnect Express* standard for
communication between chips in a system, which we demonstrated in silicon in 2023. We aim to accelerate our customers' designs by providing advanced technologies,
services, and systems software that leverage Intel's deep knowledge as a systems company.

The competitors to Intel Foundry are primarily semiconductor foundries that focus on delivering wafers and packaging technologies from fabrication plants based primarily in
Asia, and include TSMC, Samsung, Global Foundries, UMC, and Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation (SMIC). We compete with TSMC and Samsung in the
advanced process technology marketplace.

Intel Foundry Financial Performance


Years Ended ($In Millions)
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross loss
Operating expenses
Operating loss
Gross loss%Operating loss%Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$17,543 
25,596 
(8,053)
5,355 
(13,408)$$(46)%(76)%18,910 
21,471 
(2,561)
4,394 
(6,955)$$(14)%(37)%27,491 
28,052 
(561)
4,608 
(5,169)

(2)%(19)%Operating segment results include intersegment financial activity; refer to "Note 3: Operating Segments" for a reconciliation between our operating segment and consolidated financial results for

the periods presented.

Operating Segment Revenue Summary

2024 vs. 2023

Revenue was$17.5 billion, down$1.4 billion from 2023. Intersegment revenue was$17.2 billion, down$799 million from 2023, driven primarily by lower intersegment ASPs,
lower back-end services revenue, and higher intersegment credits. These intersegment decreases were partially offset by higher wafer volume primarily from Intel 3, Intel 4, and
Intel 7 products. External revenue was$385 million, down$568 million from 2023, driven primarily by lower traditional packaging services and lower equipment sales.

2023 vs. 2022

Revenue was$18.9 billion, down$8.6 billion from 2022. Intersegment revenue was$18.0 billion, down$9.1 billion from 2022, driven primarily by lower intersegment volume.
External revenue was$953 million, up$479 million from 2022, driven primarily by higher traditional packaging services revenue.

Operating Segment Cost of Sales and Operating Expenses Summary

2024 vs. 2023

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales was$25.6 billion in 2024, up$4.1 billion from 2023, primarily driven by higher period charges related to non-cash impairments and accelerated depreciation of$3.3
billion for certain manufacturing assets, a substantial majority of which related to our Intel 7 process node; higher intersegment cost of goods sold of$1.3 billion primarily driven
by higher sales volume and higher costs from the ramp of advanced technologies; and higher period charges primarily related to factory start-up costs. These cost of sales
increases in 2024 were partially offset by certain other lower period expenses, primarily related to reduced excess capacity charges in 2024, lower intersegment inventory
reserves taken in 2024, and a 2024 benefit recognized under the CHIPS Act.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses were$5.4 billion, up$961 million from 2023, primarily driven by increased investments in process technology.

MD&A

2023 vs. 2022

Cost of Sales
Cost of sales was$21.5 billion in 2023, down$6.6 billion from 2022, substantially driven by lower intersegment cost of goods sold of$6.7 billion from lower sales volume and a
decrease in factory start-up costs. These cost of sales decreases were partially offset by$695 million of higher period charges in 2023, primarily related to excess capacity
charges and higher intersegment inventory reserves taken in 2023.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses were$4.4 billion, down$214 million from 2022, driven by various cost-reduction measures.

All Other

Our "all other" category includes the results of operations from other non-reportable segments not otherwise presented, including our Altera and Mobileye businesses, start-up
businesses that support our initiatives, and historical results of operations from divested businesses. Altera offers programmable semiconductors, primarily FPGAs, and related
products, for a broad range of applications across our embedded, communications, and cloud and enterprise market segments. We previously announced the organization of
Altera as a standalone business. We are pursuing monetization opportunities with Altera and remain focused on selling a stake in the business on its path to a potential IPO in
the coming years. Mobileye is a global leader in driving assistance and self-driving solutions, with a product portfolio designed to encompass the entire stack required for
assisted and autonomous driving, including compute platforms, computer vision, and machine learning-based perception, mapping and localization, driving policy, and active
sensors in development.


All Other Financial Performance
Years Ended ($In Millions)
Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin
Operating expenses
Operating income (loss)
Gross margin%Operating margin (loss)%Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$$$3,824 
1,831 
1,993 
2,077 
(84)
52%(2)%$$5,608 
2,475 
3,133 
2,054 
1,079 

56%19%5,530 
2,425 
3,105 
1,931 
1,174 

56%21%Operating segment results include intersegment financial activity; refer to "Note 3: Operating Segments" for a reconciliation between our operating segment and consolidated financial results for

the periods presented.

Operating Segments Revenue Summary

2024 vs. 2023

All other revenue was$3.8 billion, down$1.8 billion from 2023. Altera revenue was$1.5 billion, down$1.3 billion from 2023 as customers tempered purchases to reduce existing
inventories across all product lines. Mobileye revenue was$1.7 billion, down$425 million from 2023 as customers tempered purchases to reduce existing inventories of EyeQ
products.

2023 vs. 2022

All other revenue was$5.6 billion, up$78 million from 2022. Altera revenue was$2.9 billion, up$314 million from 2022, driven by improved external supply, which enabled the
fulfillment of customer backlog. Mobileye revenue was$2.1 billion, up$210 million from 2022, due to higher demand for EyeQ products. These 2023 increases were partially
offset by a decrease in revenue from our remaining non-reportable segments and start-up businesses.

Operating Segments Cost of Sales and Operating Expenses Summary

2024 vs. 2023

Cost of Sales

Total all other cost of sales was$1.8 billion, down$644 million from 2023 primarily driven by lower 2024 revenue from Altera and Mobileye.

Operating Expenses

All other operating expenses were$2.1 billion, roughly flat with 2023.

MD&A


2023 vs. 2022

Cost of Sales

All other cost of sales was$2.5 billion, up$50 million from 2022 primarily driven by higher 2023 revenue from Altera and Mobileye.

Operating Expenses

All other operating expenses were$2.1 billion, up$123 million from 2022 primarily driven by higher Mobileye research and development expenditures and operating costs from
our remaining non-reportable segments and start-up businesses.

MD&A


Consolidated Results of Operations

Years Ended
(In Millions, Except Per Share
Amounts)

December 28, 2024

December 30, 2023

December 31, 2022

Amount%of Net
Revenue

Amount%of Net
Revenue

Amount%of Net
Revenue

Net revenue

Cost of sales

Gross margin

Research and development

Marketing, general, and administrative

Restructuring and other charges

Operating income (loss)
Gains (losses) on equity investments,
net

Interest and other, net

Income (loss) before taxes

Provision for (benefit from) taxes

Net income (loss)

Less: net income (loss) attributable to
non-controlling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to Intel

Earnings (loss) per share attributable
to Intel—diluted$$$53,101 

35,756 

17,345 

16,546 

5,507 

6,970 



(11,210)

8,023 

(19,233)

(477)
(18,756)

(4.38)

100.0%$54,228 

100.0%$63,054 

100.0%67.3%32.7%31.2%10.4%13.1%0.5%0.4%(21.1)%15.1%(36.2)%(0.9)%(35.3)%$32,517 

21,711 

16,046 

5,634 

(62)





(913)

1,675 

(14)
1,689 

60.0%40.0%29.6%10.4%(0.1)%0.2%0.1%1.2%1.4%(1.7)%3.1%—%3.1%$36,188 

26,866 

17,528 

7,002 


2,334 

4,268 

1,166 

7,768 

(249)

8,017 

8,014 

57.4%42.6%27.8%11.1%—%3.7%6.8%1.8%12.3%(0.4)%12.7%—%12.7%$0.40$1.94 

(11,678)

(22.0)%The following discussion includes the 2024, 2023, and 2022 consolidated financial results and related discussion of our consolidated results of operations for 2024 relative to
2023. A discussion regarding our consolidated results of operations for 2023 relative to 2022 is included in our 2023 Form 10-K. Our consolidated results exclude all
intersegment transactions.

Consolidated Revenue

Consolidated Revenue Walk$B

2024 vs. 2023

2024 revenue was$53.1 billion, down$1.1 billion, or 2%, from 2023 due to lower all other revenue and lower Intel Foundry revenue, partially offset by higher Intel Products
revenue. All other revenue decreased 32%from 2023, driven by lower Altera revenue due to customers tempering purchases to reduce existing inventories across all product
lines and lower Mobileye revenue as customers tempered purchases to reduce existing inventories of EyeQ products. Intel Foundry external revenue decreased 60%from 2023
due to lower traditional packaging services and lower equipment sales. Intel Products revenue increased 3%from 2023 due primarily to higher CCG and DCAI revenue. CCG
revenue increased 4%from 2023 primarily due to higher notebook volume compared to 2023 and was partially offset by lower other CCG revenue, which decreased from 2023
due to the exit of legacy businesses, and lower desktop revenue, which decreased on lower demand compared to 2023. DCAI revenue increased 1%from 2023 driven by higher
server revenue primarily from high core count products, which increased ASPs and lowered volume compared to 2023.


 Excludes intersegment revenue; totals may not sum due to rounding

MD&A


Consolidated Gross Margin
We derived a majority of our consolidated gross margin in 2024, and 2023 from our Intel Products business sales through our CCG, DCAI, and NEX operating segments.

(Percentages in chart indicate gross margin as a percentage of total revenue)

Gross Margin$B

2024 vs. 2023

Our consolidated gross margin in 2024 decreased by$4.4 billion, or 20%, compared to 2023 due primarily to higher 2024 impairment charges and accelerated depreciation.
During Q3 2024, we concluded that our manufacturing asset portfolio, primarily for our Intel 7 process node, exceeded manufacturing capacity requirements. Upon completing an
asset re-use assessment, we impaired certain construction-in-progress assets and accelerated depreciation for certain in-use manufacturing assets that resulted in$3.3 billion of
charges in 2024. Our 2024 gross margin also decreased due to lower revenue, higher unit cost primarily from an increased mix of Intel 4 and Intel 7 products, higher period
charges due to$922 million in Gaudi AI accelerator inventory-related charges recognized in 2024, and higher factory start-up costs. These 2024 unfavorable gross margin
impacts were partially offset by certain favorable gross margin movements in 2024, including lower period charges driven by the sell-through of previously reserved inventory and
lower non-accelerator reserves taken, lower period charges related to excess capacity charges, and a benefit recognized for government incentives received under the CHIPS
Act.

We are making capital investments in furtherance of our strategy. As of December 28, 2024, our capital investments classified as construction in progress totaled$50.4 billion
($43.4 billion as of December 30, 2023). These assets have not yet been placed into service and have not yet begun depreciating. As these construction-in-progress assets are
placed into service, we expect to incur depreciation expense that impacts future production costs and, ultimately, cost of sales. To the extent we are unable to grow our revenues
to offset these production costs, our gross margin and operating income will be unfavorably affected. Additionally, we could incur asset impairments on property, plant, and
equipment assets if our strategy is not successful.

MD&A


Operating Expenses

Total R&D and MG&A expenses for 2024 were$22.1 billion, up 2%compared to 2023. These expenses represent 41.5%of revenue for 2024 and 40.0%of revenue for 2023. In
support of our strategy, we continue to make significant investments to accelerate our process technology roadmap. As a result of our 2024 Restructuring Plan and related costreduction measures, we expect a decrease in total R&D and MG&A expenses in future periods as we focus investments in R&D and create capacity for sustained investment in
technology and manufacturing.

Research and Development$B

Marketing, General, and Administrative$B

(Percentages indicate expenses as a percentage of total revenue)

Research and Development

2024 vs. 2023

R&D increased by$500 million, or 3%, primarily driven by investments in our process technology and products, and higher share-based compensation, partially offset by lower
incentive-based compensation and the effects of various cost-reduction measures.

Marketing, General, and Administrative

2024 vs. 2023

MG&A decreased by$127 million, or 2%, primarily driven by lower incentive-based compensation, share-based compensation, and the effects of various cost-reduction
measures, partially offset by higher corporate spending to drive business transformation.

MD&A


Restructuring and Other Charges

Years Ended (In Millions)

Employee severance and benefit arrangements
Litigation charges and other
Asset impairment charges

Total restructuring and other charges

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$2,481$3,631 
6,970$222$(329)
(62)$1,038 
(1,187)

In Q3 2024, the 2024 Restructuring Plan was announced, subsequently approved and committed to by our management team, and initiated to implement cost-reduction
measures, including reductions in employee headcount, other operating expenditures, and capital expenditures (see "Note 7: Restructuring and Other Charges" within Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements). We expect that our 2024 Restructuring Plan, in conjunction with other initiatives, will reduce our cost structure while we continue our
investments to develop, manufacture, market, sell, and deliver product and process initiatives in furtherance of our strategy. We expect actions pursuant to the 2024
Restructuring Plan to be substantially completed by the fourth quarter of 2025, which is subject to change. Any changes to the estimates or timing will be reflected in our results
of operations.

Employee severance and benefit arrangements includes net charges relating to the 2024 Restructuring Plan of$2.2 billion in 2024. Charges relating to other actions taken to
streamline operations and to reduce costs were$294 million in 2024. The charges in 2023 and 2022 primarily related to the 2022 Restructuring Program, which was approved to
rebalance our workforce and operations in alignment with our strategy and was completed in Q1 2024. The 2022 Restructuring Program, in conjunction with other initiatives,
reduced our cost structure and allowed us to reinvest certain of these cost savings in resources and capacity to develop, manufacture, market, sell, and deliver our products in
furtherance of our strategy.

Litigation charges and other includes a charge of$780 million that we recorded in 2024 arising out of the R2 litigation. In 2023, a$1.2 billion benefit was recorded due to the
reduction in the previously accrued charge as a result of developments in the VLSI litigation. 2023 charges also included a$401 million charge for an EC-imposed fine and a$353 million termination fee in connection with our inability to timely obtain required regulatory approvals needed to acquire Tower Semiconductor Ltd. Refer to "Note 19:
Commitments and Contingencies" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about litigation related items.

Asset impairment charges in 2024 includes non-cash charges associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan, including$442 million of non-cash impairments of construction-inprogress assets associated with our decision to exit and outsource manufacturing capabilities for certain internal test hardware; and$103 million of non-cash impairments of
operating leased assets and related leasehold improvements resulting from real estate consolidations and exits. Real estate consolidations and exits did not significantly change
our operating lease liabilities and may result in future cash outlays for facility restoration or the relocation of operations. In addition, we incurred non-cash impairments relating to
goodwill and acquired intangible assets of$3.1 billion in 2024. Refer to "Note 11: Goodwill" and "Note 7: Restructuring and Other Charges" within Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information about these items.

MD&A


Gains (Losses) on Equity Investments and Interest and Other, Net

Years Ended (In Millions)
Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity investments
Unrealized gains (losses) on non-marketable equity investments
Impairment charges
Unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments, net
Realized gains (losses) on sales of equity investments, net
Gains (losses) on equity investments, net


Interest and other, net

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$(218)$(347)
(473)

226$(99)$(214)
(296)

629$(829)
(190)
(720)
4,988 
4,268 

1,166 


Unrealized gains (losses) on non-marketable investments includes observable price adjustments and our share of equity method investee gains (losses) and certain distributions.

Gains (Losses) on Equity Investments, Net

In 2024, we recognized net gains on equity investments of$242 million primarily due to$460 million of net gains related to our marketable equity investment portfolio, the
majority of which related to the sale of our interest in Astera Labs and is within realized gains (losses) on sales of equity investments, net.

In 2023, we recognized net gains on equity investments of$40 million primarily due to$213 million of net gains related to our marketable equity investment portfolio, substantially
all of which is within realized gains (losses) on sales of equity investments, net.

Interest and Other, Net

In 2024, interest and other, net decreased primarily due to higher interest expense due to higher 2024 average borrowings and lower other, net. Included in other, net in 2024 is a
loss of$755 million from the change in fair value of a non-designated derivative related to our assessed probability of paying construction-related liquidated damages to Apollo,
our Ireland SCIP partner. In 2024, we also received and recognized$560 million as a benefit to other, net for interest in relation to the European Commission competition matter
for which we recorded and paid a ruling amount to the European Commission in 2009 and that we were successful at challenging and overturning with the ruling amount
refunded to us in 2022.

Provision for (Benefit from) Taxes

Years Ended ($In Millions)
Income (loss) before taxes

Provision for (benefit from) taxes

Effective tax rate

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$(11,210)
8,023$$71.6%(913)
(119.8)%$$7,768 

(249)
(3.2)%Our effective tax rate increased in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily driven by the effects associated with the establishment of a valuation allowance against our US federal
deferred tax assets in 2024. We assess the recoverability of our deferred tax assets quarterly, weighing available positive and negative evidence. As a result of our assessment
in the third quarter of 2024, we determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recoverable based upon our three-year cumulative historical loss
position as of the third quarter of 2024, largely resulting from the asset impairment and restructuring and other charges incurred during the third quarter of 2024. Additionally, our
2024 provision for taxes and 2023 benefit from taxes included R&D tax credits, which provide a tax benefit based on our eligible R&D spending and are not dependent on lower
income before taxes.

MD&A

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We believe we have sufficient sources of funding to meet our business requirements for the next 12 months and in the longer term. Cash generated by operations, and total cash
and short-term investments as shown in the table below, are our primary sources of liquidity for funding our strategic business requirements. These sources are further
supplemented by our committed credit facilities and other borrowing capacity and certain other Smart Capital initiatives that we have undertaken, including our Ireland SCIP
transaction that closed in the second quarter of 2024 that resulted in$11.0 billion of net cash inflows to us (see "Note 4: Non-Controlling Interests" within Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements). Our short-term funding requirements include capital expenditures for worldwide manufacturing and assembly and test, including investments in our
process technology roadmap; investments in our product roadmap; working capital requirements, including cash outlays associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan; partner
distributions to our non-controlling interest holders; and strategic investments. We expect reductions in operating expenditures, capital expenditures, and cost of sales after
implementing our 2024 Restructuring Plan and related cost-reduction measures, including reductions in headcount, which are designed to enable further operational efficiency
and agility and create capacity for sustained investment in technology and manufacturing competitiveness. Our long-term funding requirements incrementally contemplate
investments in significant manufacturing expansion plans and investments to accelerate our process technology. These plans include expanding existing operations in Arizona,
New Mexico, and Oregon, and investing in a new leading-edge manufacturing facility in Ohio. They may also include longer-term projects, certain of which we have currently put
on hold or slowed the completion of, including a new leading-edge manufacturing facility, a new assembly and test facility, and a new advanced packaging facility, among others.

We entered into government incentive arrangements with the US federal government pursuant to the CHIPS Act. In September 2024, we were awarded up to$3.0 billion in direct
funding for the Secure Enclave program to expand the trusted manufacturing of leading-edge semiconductors for the US government. In November 2024, we signed a Direct
Funding Agreement with the US Department of Commerce for the award of$7.9 billion in government incentives pursuant to the CHIPS Act, and we received$1.1 billion of cash
in 2024 and have received an additional$1.1 billion of cash in 2025. We expect to continue to benefit from government incentives, though recent US government actions create
uncertainty as to the receipt of awards under our existing CHIPS Act agreements and the potential for future awards in the US. These incentives typically require that we make
significant capital investments in new facilities or expand existing facilities and our related workforce. To the extent we delay or cancel any such projects or otherwise are unable
or fail to comply with the terms of the agreements, there may be a delay in our receipt of, or we may forfeit or be required to repay, the associated government incentives.

We expect to adjust the cadence of our investments based on the execution of our roadmap and changing business conditions. As of December 28, 2024, we had commitments
for capital expenditures of$14.0 billion for 2025 and had$6.0 billion in capital expenditures committed in the long term. As of December 28, 2024, other purchase obligations and
commitments in 2025 under our binding commitments for purchases of goods and services were$2.1 billion, with an additional$4.9 billion committed in the long term.

We have additional obligations as part of our ordinary course of business, beyond those committed for capital expenditures and other purchase obligations and commitments for
purchases of goods and services. For example, see: "Note 4: Non-Controlling Interests" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our SCIP
arrangements and variable distribution payments that we expect to make to our co-investment partners, including liquidated damage provisions should we fail to meet certain
construction milestones or operational metrics; "Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our lease
obligations, which include supply agreements structured as leases; "Note 8: Income Taxes" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our tax
obligations, including impacts from Tax Reform enacted in 2017 for the one-time transition tax on previously untaxed foreign earnings; and "Note 13: Borrowings" within Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for information about our debt obligations. The expected timing of payments of our obligations is estimated based on current information.
Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
In addition, some of our purchasing requirements are not current obligations and are therefore not included in the amounts above. For example, some of these requirements are
not handled through binding contracts or are fulfilled by vendors on a purchase order basis within short time horizons.

When assessing our current sources of liquidity, we include our total cash and short-term investments as follows:

(In Millions)

Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Total cash and short-term investments

Total debt

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$$8,249$13,813 
22,062$50,011$7,079 
17,955 
25,034 

49,266 

We suspended the declaration of quarterly dividends starting with Q4 2024. We are prohibited under our commercial CHIPS Act agreement from paying dividends for the next
two years and are subject to limitations on the payment of dividends for the three years thereafter. Further, we do not expect to pay dividends until our cash flows improve as we
focus on the critical investments needed to execute our business strategy and create long-term value.

MD&A

During 2024, we issued a total of$2.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and remarketed$438 million aggregate principal amount of other bonds for general
corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, refinancing of outstanding debt and funding for working capital and capital expenditures. During 2024, we also expanded both
our 5-year$5.0 billion revolving credit facility agreement and our 364-day$5.0 billion credit facility agreement, to$7.0 billion and$8.0 billion, respectively, and the maturity dates
were extended to February 2029 and January 2025, respectively. In January 2025, we amended our 364-day$8.0 billion credit facility agreement to$5.0 billion, and the maturity
date was extended by one year to January 2026. We have other potential sources of liquidity, including our commercial paper program and our automatic shelf registration
statement on file with the SEC, pursuant to which we may offer an unspecified amount of debt, equity, and other securities. Under our commercial paper program, we have an
ongoing authorization from our Board of Directors to borrow up to$10.0 billion. As of December 28, 2024, we had no commercial paper obligations outstanding and no
outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities. See "Note 13: Borrowings" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Our total cash and investments and related cash flows may be affected by certain discretionary actions we may take with customers and suppliers to accelerate or delay certain
cash receipts or payments to manage liquidity, among other factors, for our strategic business requirements. In 2024, these actions included, among others, negotiating with
suppliers to optimize our payment terms and conditions, adjusting the amounts and timing of cash flows associated with customer sales programs and collections, managing
inventory levels and purchasing practices, and selling certain of our accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions. While such actions have
benefited, and may further benefit, cash flow in the near term, we may experience a corresponding detriment to cash flow in future periods as these actions cease or as the
impacts of these actions reverse or normalize.

We maintain a diverse investment portfolio that we continually analyze based on issuer, industry, and country. Substantially all of our investments in debt instruments were in
investment-grade securities in 2024.

Cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities
Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Operating Activities

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$8,288$(18,256)
11,138 
1,170$11,471$(24,041)
8,505 
(4,065)$15,433 

(10,231)
1,115 
6,317 

Operating cash flows consist of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in certain assets and liabilities.

Cash provided by operations in 2024 was lower compared to 2023 by$3.2 billion as we incurred a net loss in 2024 that was fully offset by a higher amount of favorable operating
cash flow adjustments for non-cash items like depreciation, share-based compensation, and restructuring and other expenses, compared to net income in 2023 with lower
favorable operating cash flow adjustments.

Investing Activities

Investing cash flows consist primarily of capital expenditures; investment purchases, sales, maturities, and disposals; proceeds from capital-related government incentives; and
proceeds from divestitures and cash used for acquisitions. Our investing capital expenditures were$23.9 billion in 2024 ($25.8 billion in 2023 and$24.8 billion in 2022).

The decrease in cash used for investing activities in 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to lower purchases of short-term investments, lower capital expenditures, higher
proceeds from capital-related government incentives, and higher sales of equity investments. These 2024 cash favorable activities were partially offset by lower maturities and
sales of short-term investments and higher 2024 cash used in other investing activities.

Financing Activities

Financing cash flows consist primarily of proceeds from strategic initiatives, including partner contributions and equity-related issuances, issuance and repayment of short-term
and long-term debt, financing for capital expenditures with non-standard payment terms, and payment of dividends to stockholders.

The increase in cash provided by financing activities in 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to higher SCIP partner contributions, reduced dividend payments, and other
cash favorable financing activities in 2024. These 2024 cash favorable financing activities were partially offset by lower proceeds from debt issuances, net of repayments; the
absence of proceeds from sales of subsidiary shares; and higher financing for capital expenditures with non-standard payment terms in 2024.

MD&A

Critical Accounting Estimates

The methods, assumptions, and estimates that we use in applying our accounting policies may require us to apply judgments regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. We
consider an accounting policy to be a critical estimate if: (1) we must make assumptions that are uncertain when the judgment is made, and (2) changes in the estimate
assumptions, or selection of a different estimate methodology, could have a significant impact on our financial position and the results that we report in our Consolidated
Financial Statements. While we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate was made.

Refer to "Note 2: Accounting Policies" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our critical accounting estimates, which are as follows, as well
as our significant accounting policies:

▪

▪

▪

Inventories—the transition of manufacturing costs to inventory, net of factory excess capacity charges. Inventory reflected at the lower of cost or net realizable value
considering forecasted future demand and market conditions;

Long-lived assets—the valuation methods and assumptions used in assessing the impairment and evaluation of useful lives of property, plant, and equipment; identified
intangibles; and impairment of goodwill, including the determination of asset groupings and the identification and allocation of goodwill to reporting units; and

Loss contingencies—the estimation of when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

In addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with US GAAP, this document references adjusted free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure is used
by management when assessing our sources of liquidity, capital resources, and quality of earnings and provides an additional means to evaluate the cash flow trends of our
business. Adjusted free cash flow is operating cash flow adjusted for (1) additions to property, plant, and equipment, net of proceeds from capital-related government incentives
and net partner contributions, (2) payments on finance leases, and (3) proceeds from the McAfee equity sale in 2022.

This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with US GAAP, and the financial results
calculated in accordance with US GAAP and reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated.

Following is the reconciliation of our most comparable US GAAP measure to our non-GAAP measure presented:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

Dec 25, 2021

Dec 26, 2020

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities

Net purchase of property, plant, and equipment

Payments on finance leases

Sale of equity investment

Adjusted free cash flow

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities
Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities$$$$8,288$11,471$15,433$29,456$(10,515)
(1)

— 
(2,228)$(18,256)$11,138$(23,228)
(96)

— 
(11,853)$(24,041)$8,505$(23,724)
(345)

4,561 
(4,075)$(10,231)$1,115$(18,567)
— 

— 
10,889$(24,283)$(6,211)$MD&A

35,864 

(14,086)
— 

— 
21,778 

(21,351)
(12,842)

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Risk Factors

The following summarizes the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. When any one or more of the following risks materialize from time to
time, our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations can be materially and adversely affected, and the trading price of our common stock could
decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations can also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to
be immaterial to our operations, or by various risks that are generally applicable to most companies. Due to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, our past financial
results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Some of the factors, events,
and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, and the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events, or contingencies
have occurred in the past, but are provided because future occurrences of such factors, events, or contingencies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Refer
also to the other information set forth in this Form 10-K, including in the MD&A and Financial Statements and Supplemental Details sections.

We are in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry.

The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological, geopolitical, and market developments; changes in industry standards; changes in
customer and end-user needs, expectations, and preferences; and frequent product introductions and improvements. When we do not anticipate or respond to these
developments, our competitive position can weaken, and our products or technologies can become uncompetitive or obsolete. Our competitive environment has intensified in
recent years, and we expect it to continue to do so in the future, including as a result of the proliferation of AI and high demand for AI-related products and services. If we are not
able to compete effectively, or if our foundry strategy is unsuccessful, our financial results will be adversely affected, including through reduced revenue and gross margin, and
we may be required to accelerate the write-down of the value of certain assets.

We face intense competition across our product portfolio. Our competitors include companies offering platform products, such as AMD and Qualcomm; accelerator products such
as GPUs, including those offered by NVIDIA; other accelerator products such as ASICs, application-specific standard products, and FPGAs; memory and storage products;
connectivity and networking products; and other semiconductor products. Some of these competitors have developed or utilize competing computing architectures and platforms,
such as the ARM architecture, and these architectures and platforms can produce beneficial network effects for competitors when an ecosystem of customers and application
developers for such architectures and platforms grows at scale. For example, ARM-based products and the ARM ecosystem have seen increased development and adoption in
recent years. We also compete with internally developed semiconductors from OEMs, cloud service providers, and others, some of whom are customers. Some of these
customers vertically integrate their own semiconductor designs with their software assets and/or customize their designs for specific computing workloads. For example, in 2020,
Apple introduced PC products utilizing its own internally developed ARM-based semiconductor designs in place of our client CPUs, and we face increasing competition from
Apple's products and ecosystem.

Most of our competitors rely on third-party foundries, such as TSMC or Samsung, for the manufacture and assembly and test of their semiconductor components and products.
Manufacturing process and assembly and test improvements introduced by such foundries have contributed, and may continue to contribute, to increasingly competitive offerings
by our competitors. Our process technology roadmap to regain transistor performance and power performance competitiveness is subject to a number of risks, and we could fail
to realize our goals, including due to changes in competitor technology roadmaps, changes affecting our projections regarding our technology or competing technology, and the
risks described in the risk factor "The development and implementation of new semiconductor products and manufacturing technologies are subject to many risks and
uncertainties." As an integrated device manufacturer, we have higher capital expenditures and R&D spending than many of our fabless competitors due to the high ongoing
investments required to maintain leading-edge process technology and manufacturing capacity. We also face new sources of competition as a result of changes in industry
participants through, for example, acquisitions or business collaborations, as well as new entrants, including in China, which could have a significant impact on our competitive
position. For example, we could face increased competition as a result of China's programs to promote a domestic semiconductor industry and supply chains.

Our products compete based on a number of factors, including performance, energy efficiency, ease-of-integration, ease-of-use, innovative design, features, workload
optimization, price, quality, reliability, security, software ecosystem and developer support, time-to-market, reliable product roadmap execution, brand recognition, customer
support and customization, and availability. The importance of these factors varies by product and market segment. To the extent our products do not meet our customers'
requirements across these factors in an increasingly competitive landscape, our business and results of operations can be harmed. For example, we have lost market share in
recent years as competitors have introduced highly competitive data center and client platform products. Our data center business has been further negatively impacted by the
shift of customer spend toward GPUs in the past few years. Additionally, to the extent we rely upon third party foundries for our products, our margins may be negatively
impacted, as has been the case with the Intel Core Ultra 200V series processors launched in September 2024.

We have limited experience in the highly competitive and capital-intensive third-party foundry business. As we pursue our strategy to establish Intel Foundry as a major provider
of foundry capacity to manufacture semiconductors for others, we will face intense competition from well-established competitors such as TSMC, Samsung, Global Foundries
(GF), United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC), and Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation (SMIC). To succeed, we will need to compete effectively across
factors such as availability and time-to-market of manufacturing technology; advances in manufacturing processes in areas such as performance, performance per watt, and
density; multi-chip packaging; system integration; manufacturing capacity; price; margin; ease of use; quality; yields; customer satisfaction; and ecosystem support. Building and
maintaining a competitive foundry business requires significant

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

ongoing investments to maintain leading-edge process technology and manufacturing capacity, which investments in many instances must be made ahead of customer
commitments and may not be recouped. As we have reassessed demand and our "shell ahead" status and our financial results in the last few years have constrained our ability
to make capital investments, we have delayed manufacturing facility construction or expansion projects in Ohio, Germany, Poland, Malaysia, and Israel, and we may have
additional project delays or project cancellations in the future. Moreover, many of the largest potential foundry customers are fabless semiconductor companies whose products
compete with our own. As a result, our strategy requires us to overcome customer concerns regarding protection of confidentiality information, intellectual property, and foundry
capacity, among other competitive concerns, to attract and retain such customers. Our limited third-party foundry experience also means we must continue to hire and retain
talented employees with relevant foundry experience with respect to both leading-edge and legacy nodes. Our efforts may be hindered by the higher costs of, regulatory and
environmental restrictions imposed upon, and time it takes to build fabrication and assembly and test facilities in the jurisdictions in which we operate and plan to build new or
upgrade existing foundry facilities as compared to the jurisdictions in which our competitors predominantly operate their foundry facilities. Our construction projects to expand
capacity require available sources of labor, materials, and equipment. Increasing demand for such sources, including from other foundries; supply constraints, labor shortages,
and other adverse market conditions; issues with permits or approvals; on-site incidents; and other construction issues arise from time to time and can result in significant delays
and increased costs for our projects, as well as legal and reputational harm. These significant hurdles to our foundry strategy make it highly risky and our success highly
uncertain.

We are making significant, long-term and inherently risky investments in R&D and manufacturing facilities that may not realize a
favorable return.

To compete successfully, we must maintain an effective R&D program, develop new products and manufacturing processes, improve our products and processes, and make
significant capital investments in new and existing manufacturing facilities, all ahead of competitors and market demand. The R&D efforts and capital investments we require are
intensive as we compete across both product and process technologies and we may not have the ability to fund such investments at the level needed to be competitive. We
incurred R&D expenses of$16.5 billion in 2024,$16.0 billion in 2023 and$17.5 billion in 2022. We are focusing our R&D efforts across several key areas, including process and
packaging technology, our xPU products and features, AI, and software. These include ambitious initiatives, such as our efforts to introduce five new manufacturing process
technologies, or nodes, in four years and our unified oneAPI portfolio of developer tools. Our investments are typically long-term and, even where successful, often do not
contribute to our operating results for a number of years. We cannot guarantee that our efforts will deliver the benefits we anticipate, including as a result of our new products or
technologies falling short of expectations or the offerings of competitors. For example, we previously experienced significant delays in the implementation of our 10nm process
technology, and during 2020, we announced that our 7nm process technology would be delayed relative to our prior expectations. In such instances where we do not timely
introduce new manufacturing process technologies that improve performance, performance per watt, transistor density, die utilization, core counts, and/or new features such as
optimizations for AI and other workloads, with sufficient manufacturing yields and operational efficiency, relative to competing foundry processes, we have faced and will face
cost, product performance, and time-to-market disadvantages relative to our competitors. This has in the past and may in the future result in higher operating costs, including as
a result of additional costs from unused manufacturing capacity, higher leverage and borrowing costs, and pressure on our credit ratings, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and prospects. Further, we are not always able to timely or successfully develop new products, including as a result of bugs, late changes to features due to
customer requests, or other design challenges. For example, in 2022, we announced that the release of Intel's 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor would be delayed from the
first half of 2022 to the second half of 2022. To the extent our R&D efforts do not develop new products on schedule with improvements in areas like performance, performance
per watt, die utilization, and core counts, and/or with new features such as optimizations for AI and other workloads, our competitive position can be harmed. We have adopted a
disaggregated design approach for some of our future products, in which different processors and components can be manufactured on different processes and connected by
advanced packaging technology into a single package. This approach introduces new areas of complexity in design and manufacturability, particularly in the deployment of
advanced packaging technologies, several of which are novel, have a limited manufacturing history, and/or have increased costs. Delays or failures in implementing
disaggregated designs could adversely affect our ability to timely introduce competitive products. For example, adapting a processor or component design for a new or different
manufacturing process involves additional R&D expense and can result in delays in the development of the associated product and higher costs due to the utilization of more
advanced and expensive capital equipment.

The investments required for our process technology roadmap and our worldwide manufacturing and assembly and test require capital expenditures above our historical levels.
In recent years, the semiconductor manufacturing industry has seen very significant increases in the capital investments required for manufacturing facilities utilizing leading
process technologies, including as a result of the use of EUV and high-NA EUV lithography tools. Our ownership and operation of such high-tech fabrication facilities, and our
need to build new and expand existing facilities in anticipation of future demand, has resulted and will continue to result in us incurring large capital outlays and high costs that
are fixed or difficult to reduce in the short term. Such capital outlays and costs include those related to utilization of existing facilities, facility construction and equipment, R&D,
and the employment and training of a highly skilled workforce. To the extent customers are unwilling to pay prices to access the features that our process and product
investments are expected to deliver, or if demand for our products, foundry capacity and assembly and test capacity decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, our
gross margin and operating income can be disproportionately affected due to our high fixed cost structure, which is difficult to reduce quickly in response to lower demand and
other unfavorable market factors. As we have reassessed demand and our "shell ahead" status and our financial results in the last few years have constrained our ability to make
capital investments, we have delayed manufacturing facility construction or expansion projects in Ohio, Germany, Poland, Malaysia, and Israel. We could also be required to
write off inventory or record excess manufacturing capacity charges, which would also lower our gross margin and operating income. To the extent the demand decrease is
prolonged, our manufacturing or assembly and test capacity could be underutilized, and we may be required to write down our long-lived assets, which would increase our
expenses. We may also be required to shorten the useful lives of under-used facilities and equipment and accelerate depreciation. For example, in the third quarter of 2024 we
recorded$3.1 billion of charges related to non-cash impairments and the accelerated depreciation for certain manufacturing assets, a substantial majority of which related to the
Intel 7 process node.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

The development and implementation of new semiconductor products and manufacturing technologies are subject to many risks and
uncertainties.

We are continually engaged in the development of next-generation technologies. Forecasting our progress and schedule for developing advanced nodes and other technologies
is challenging, and at times we encounter unexpected delays due to the complexity of interactions among steps in the manufacturing process, challenges in using new materials
or new production equipment, and other issues. Diagnosing defects in our manufacturing processes often takes a long time, as manufacturing throughput times can delay our
receipt of data about defects and the effectiveness of fixes, and defects can be more serious and difficult to resolve than initially anticipated.

We are not always successful or efficient in developing or implementing new process nodes and manufacturing processes. We experienced significant delays in implementing
our 10nm process technology, and in 2020, we encountered a defect mode in the development of our 7nm process technology that resulted in delays relative to our prior
expectations. In 2022, Intel's 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor was delayed to allow for more platform and product validation time. These delays have allowed competitors
using third-party foundries, such as TSMC, to benefit from advancements in manufacturing processes introduced ahead of us, including improvements in performance, energy
efficiency, and other features, which have helped increase the competitiveness of their products. On the product side, we have had limited market success with our accelerator
offerings, and in 2024 we recognized$922 million in Gaudi AI accelerator inventory-related charges. We may experience greater adverse competitive impacts in the event of
further delays in the development of future manufacturing process technologies and products or lack of market success with our offerings.

Our efforts to innovate involve significant expense and carry inherent risks, including difficulties in designing and developing next-generation process and packaging
technologies, and investments in manufacturing assets and facilities that are made years in advance. We cannot guarantee that we will realize the expected benefits of nextgeneration process technologies, including the expected cost, performance, power, and density advantages, or that we will achieve an adequate return on our capital and R&D
investments, particularly as the development of new nodes has grown increasingly expensive. In such circumstances, we may be required to write down the value of some of our
manufacturing assets and facilities, increasing our expenses, as we were required to do in the third quarter of 2024 with respect to the Intel 7 process node.

Risks inherent in the development of next-generation process technologies include production timing delays, lower-than-anticipated manufacturing yields, longer manufacturing
throughput times, failure to achieve expected performance, power, and area improvements, and product defects and errata (deviations from published specifications). Production
timing delays have at times caused us to miss customer product design windows, which can result in lost revenue opportunities and damage to our customer relationships.
Furthermore, when the introduction of next-generation process nodes is delayed, adding cores or other competitive features to our products can result in larger die size products,
manufacturing supply constraints, and increased product costs. Lower manufacturing yields and longer manufacturing throughput times, compared to previous process nodes,
can increase our product costs, adversely affect our gross margins, and contribute to manufacturing supply constraints. A new process node typically has higher costs compared
to a mature node due to factors that include higher depreciation costs and lower yields, and costs and yields at times do not improve at the same rate as on prior nodes. In
addition, the cost of new leading-edge process nodes continues to increase at a higher rate relative to legacy process nodes due to a number of factors, including the cost of
procuring and operating advanced manufacturing equipment. As the die size of our products has increased and our manufacturing process nodes have increased the number of
transistors per die, our products and manufacturing processes have grown increasingly complex and more susceptible to product defects and errata, which at times also
contribute to production timing delays and lower yields that may also increase our costs to manufacture and warranty our products.

Our disaggregated design strategy poses increased logistical risks and challenges, particularly where we decide to manufacture different product components on different
process technologies, including third-party foundries' process technologies. To combine components in a single package, they need to be manufactured on a timely basis and in
sufficient quantities, while the manufacturing processes we utilize may have differing yields, throughput times, and capacity constraints. We may be required to safely store some
components pending the manufacture of others. Delays or quality issues with one component could limit our ability to manufacture the entire completed product. In addition, the
packaging technologies used to combine these components can increase our costs and may introduce additional complexity and quality issues. To the extent we are unable to
manage these risks, our ability to timely supply competitive products can be harmed and our costs could increase.

From time to time, disruptions in the production process result from errors; defects in materials; delays in obtaining or revising permits and licenses; interruptions in our supply of
materials, resources, or production equipment; adverse changes in equipment productivity; and disruptions at our fabrication and assembly and test facilities due to accidents,
maintenance issues, power interruptions, equipment malfunctions, or unsafe working conditions—all of which could affect the timing of production ramps and yields and could
result in production timing delays. Production issues periodically lead to increased costs and affect our ability to meet product demand, which can adversely impact our business
and the results of operations.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Our implementation of new business strategies and investments in new businesses, products, and technologies are inherently risky
and do not always succeed.

Our implementation of new business strategies, including our foundry strategy and our cost reduction measures, as well as our many internal structural, systems, and process
changes, may subject us to a number of risks. We have entered new businesses and introduced new products and services as we seek to capitalize on the opportunities
presented by growth in semiconductor demand, ubiquitous compute, pervasive connectivity, cloud-to-edge infrastructure, AI, and sensing. As part of our strategy, we announced
plans to establish Intel Foundry as a major provider of foundry capacity to manufacture semiconductors for others and to implement an internal foundry operating model through
updates to our processes, systems, and guardrails between our manufacturing and our individual product-based business units. The implementation of our internal foundry
operating model requires many internal structural, system, and process changes to support the separation of the product and manufacturing sides of our business and our
external foundry business, including a new enterprise resource planning system. In parallel, we are undertaking significant efforts to separate out portions of our business, such
as operating Intel Foundry, Altera and IMS, as autonomous subsidiaries that we majority own and consolidate in order to potentially raise capital and unlock value as we focus on
our core product and manufacturing capabilities. Significant business changes are inherently risky and are not always successful. For example, in 2022, we wound down Intel
Optane; in 2020, we agreed to sell our NAND memory business to SK hynix; and in 2019, we exited the 5G smartphone modem business based on our determination that there
was no clear path to profitability for those businesses.

These new and developing areas and products represent a significant portion of our revenue growth opportunity, and they also introduce new sources of competition in not just
new and evolving markets but also in our existing markets. These new sources of competition can include established competitors with well-developed and highly competitive
technologies, ecosystems, and customer bases, lower prices, margins, or costs, and greater brand recognition. These developing products and market segments require
significant investment, do not always grow as projected or at all, or sometimes adopt competing technologies, and we may not realize an adequate return on our investments.
For example, AI and machine learning are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if we fail to develop leading products for these workloads, or if our customers use
competing technologies, we may not realize a return on our investments in these areas. We may also not be successful in developing a competitive foundry business for external
customers with respect to either leading-edge or mature process nodes, which would make it difficult for us to realize a favorable return on our investments in process technology
and manufacturing capacity investments. To be successful, we need to cultivate relationships with customers and partners in these market segments and continue to improve our
offerings. Despite our ongoing efforts, there is no guarantee that we will achieve or maintain market demand or acceptance for our products and services in these various market
segments or realize an adequate return on our investments, which could lead to impairment of assets and restructuring charges, as well as opportunity costs.

Our Smart Capital approach to capital spending, alternative financing arrangements, and pursuit of government grants involves risks
and may not be successful.

As we pursue our strategy, we have utilized our Smart Capital approach to capital spending in an effort to appropriately time and scale our capital investments. To support our
capital investments, we have pursued alternative financing arrangements, such as our 2022 joint investment with Brookfield in the manufacturing expansion of our Arizona
campus, and our 2024 joint investment with Apollo related to Fab 34 in Ireland, and may enter into similar arrangements in the future. These transactions may fail to advance our
business strategy, may include unfavorable pricing or other terms such as penalties should key metrics not be attained as prescribed by our agreements, and may fail to achieve
their anticipated benefits. Both arrangements include commitments we may not be able to satisfy, including commitments relating to construction and/or wafer demand or
purchase, in which case we may be required to make additional payments to our partners. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we recognized a$755 million charge
related to penalties we expect to pay in connection with Ireland SCIP for construction delays we decided to make as we reduced our near-term capacity requirements. Further,
both arrangements are expected to significantly and increasingly impact our net income (loss) attributable to Intel and earnings (loss) per share attributable to Intel in future
periods as wafer production volumes increase at our expanded Arizona campus and at Fab 34 in Ireland. Our partners may also fail to satisfy financial or other obligations on
which we rely and we may fail to resolve any potential disputes. Any of these risks, including our ability to effectuate any additional transactions at all, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, which may limit our ability to raise sufficient capital for our required investments.

In addition, as part of our Smart Capital approach, we have applied for, received, and expect to receive additional grants and incentives from domestic and foreign local, regional,
and national governments. Legislation in the US and EU has been adopted to provide government funding for semiconductor manufacturing expansions in those regions.
However, any amounts, if any, we may receive under any agreements enabled by such legislation may not be sufficient in amount or timeliness to support our capital investment
plans and offset the higher costs of operations in many of the locations of our facilities as compared to those of many of our competitors, we may be unable to comply with the
requirements and limitations of any such grants and incentives, or such agreements may contain restrictions that limit our flexibility to pursue changes in business strategy or
transactions that may enhance stockholder value. For example, in November 2024 we entered into a direct funding agreement with the US Department of Commerce under the
CHIPS Act that contains detailed milestones we must achieve for us to receive the funds, including with respect to achievement of various milestones with respect to capital
expenditures, facility completion, process technology development, wafer production, Intel products insourcing, and external foundry customer acquisitions. It also contains
restrictions on certain “change of control” transactions we are permitted to engage in, a requirement that we share with the US government project returns above specified
thresholds, and various termination rights and remedies if we were to breach the agreement, including potential repayment of some or all of the awards. To the extent funding is
below our expectations, we elect not to accept any grants or incentives due to burdensome compliance requirements, we are required to return any amounts received from any
grants or incentives due to an inability to comply with any requirements or limitations contained therein, we are subject to restrictions as a result of any awards we have
accepted, or the US government delays or does not provide any awards

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

that have been agreed upon, our anticipated cash requirements may increase, our strategy, business and financial results may be adversely affected, and we may be
constrained in our ability to engage in transactions that are in the best interests of our stockholders.

Changes in product demand and margins can adversely affect our financial results.

Our products are used in different market segments, and demand for our products varies within or among them. It is difficult to forecast these changes and their impact. For
example, we expect the PC TAM to grow over time, driven by factors such as a larger installed base, demand for AI capabilities, new platforms, shorter replacement cycles, and
adoption in new markets; however, the PC industry has been highly cyclical in the past, and these growth expectations may not materialize, or we may fail to capitalize on them.
Changes in the demand for our products have in the past and may in the future reduce our revenue, lower our gross margin, or require us to write down the value of our assets.

Important factors that lead to variation in the demand for our products include:

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪

business conditions, including downturns in the market segments in which we operate, or in global or regional economies;
consumer confidence, income levels, and customer capital spending, which can be impacted by changes in market conditions, including changes in government
borrowing or spending, taxation, interest rates, the credit market, current or expected inflation, employment, and energy or other commodity prices;
customer product needs and emerging technology trends, including changes in the levels and nature of customer and end-user computing workloads, such as the shift
in data center spend to GPUs to support AI workloads;

geopolitical conditions, including trade policies, potential tariffs or other trade restrictions, and geopolitical tensions and conflicts;

our ability to timely introduce competitive products;
competitive and pricing pressures, including new product introductions and other actions taken by competitors;

the level of our customers' inventories and computing capacity;

customer order patterns and order cancellations, including as a result of maturing product cycles for our products, customers' products, and related products such as
operating system upgrade cycles; and
disruptions affecting customers, such as the delays in obtaining tools, components, and other supplies as a result of COVID-19-related port shutdowns in China that
negatively impacted demand for our business in 2022, as well as the industry substrate and component shortages that negatively impacted demand across several of
our businesses in 2021.

Our pricing and margins vary across our products and market segments due in part to marketability of our products and differences in their features or manufacturing costs. For
example, our core product offerings range from lower-priced and entry-level platforms to higher-end platforms. Our ancillary product offerings that extend beyond our core
product lines typically have significantly lower margins than our higher-priced products, and at times are not profitable. Some of our higher-priced products, however, such as the
Intel Core Ultra 200V processors launched in September 2024, have lower margins as they are produced at external foundries rather than in our manufacturing facilities. To the
extent demand shifts from our higher-margin to lower-margin products in any of our market segments, as has been the case with the Intel Core Ultra 200V processors, our gross
margin percentage has decreased and may decrease again.

Macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including changes to trade policies and regulations, present
significant risks to us in many jurisdictions.

We have manufacturing, assembly and test, R&D, sales, and other operations in many countries, and some of our business activities are concentrated in one or more geographic
areas. Our operations rely upon a supply chain that is also highly distributed, and with reliance in some instances on supplies or materials available in only one or more
geographic areas. Moreover, sales outside the US accounted for 76%of our revenue for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024, with revenue from billings to China
contributing 29%of our total revenue. As a result, our operations and our financial results, including our ability to execute our business strategy, manufacture, assemble and test,
design, develop, or sell products, and the demand for our products, are at times adversely affected by a number of global and regional factors outside of our control.

Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth; changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary, or trade policy;
high interest rates; tighter credit; inflation; lower capital expenditures by businesses, including on IT infrastructure; increases in unemployment; and lower consumer confidence
and spending. Adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions can significantly harm demand for our products and make it more challenging to forecast our operating results and
make business decisions, including regarding prioritization of investments in our business. An economic downturn or increased uncertainty may also lead to: increased credit and
collectability risks; higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital and credit markets; reduced liquidity; adverse impacts on our suppliers; failures of counterparties,
including financial institutions and insurers; asset impairments; and declines in the value of our financial instruments.

Trade policies and disputes at times result in increased tariffs, trade barriers, and other trade restrictions and protectionist measures, which can increase our manufacturing
costs, make our products less competitive, reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit our ability to procure components or raw materials,
or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. Increasing protectionism and economic nationalism may lead to further changes in trade policies and regulations,
domestic sourcing initiatives, or other formal and informal measures that could make it more difficult to sell our products in, or restrict our access to, some markets. They can also
result in declining consumer confidence and slowing economic growth or recession, and could cause our customers to reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with
us. Sustained geopolitical tensions could lead to long-term

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

changes in global trade and technology supply chains, domestic sourcing initiatives, and decoupling of global trade networks, which could make it more difficult to sell our
products in, or restrict our access to, some markets and have a material adverse effect on our business and growth prospects.

In particular, geopolitical and trade tensions between the US and China, one of our largest markets, have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions, including tariffs applicable
to some of our products, and have affected customer ordering patterns. Further, the US has imposed restrictions on the export of US-regulated products and technology to
certain Chinese technology companies, including certain of our customers. Specifically, in 2022 the US significantly increased US export controls on semiconductor
manufacturing equipment and on AI and advanced computing products. In 2023, the US added to the restrictions in all three areas and also worked with Japan and the
Netherlands to align on additional restrictions on semiconductor manufacturing equipment. In 2024, the US Commerce Department further expanded export controls to limit the
global distribution of high-performance integrated circuits by restricting sales through customer allocations and imposing per-country caps. During this time, the US has
increasingly added Chinese companies to prohibited lists. In response, China has restricted US access to certain minerals and has blocked certain companies that provide
products to Taiwan's military from selling products in China. These restrictions have in some instances reduced our sales and in a number of instances required specific
governmental authorizations or exceptions. These and potential future restrictions, including also through application of antitrust laws and restrictions based on cybersecurity and
other national security concerns, could adversely affect our financial performance and result in reputational harm to us. In addition, a number of semiconductor companies in
China, including SMIC, are making significant investments, in many instances with the support of the Chinese government, in advanced semiconductor technologies to enable
such companies to develop products and technologies that compete with ours. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, whether the 2025
change in US administration may heighten tensions, the extent to which we may be able to mitigate the effects of any trade-related actions, and the longer-term implications of
trade-related actions on the market opportunities for us and the competition we may face.

Geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political instability, human rights concerns, and terrorist activity, present significant risks to our
global operations. For example:

▪

▪

▪

There has been a significant escalation in tensions and hostilities affecting or in close proximity to Israel, where we have a leading-edge fabrication facility and multiple
product development centers. As a significant portion of our revenues are generated from products on Intel 7 manufactured at our fabrication facility in Israel and we are
not insured for business interruptions, a disruption of that facility could have a significant adverse impact on our business. Additionally, our property, plant, and
equipment assets in Israel are self-insured and could be impacted by the conflict. Further, our Mobileye business is headquartered and has most of its operations in
Israel and could be similarly impacted.

Tensions between mainland China and Taiwan have increased significantly in recent years, presenting an elevated risk of hostilities. Many of our products and all of our
more advanced products depend on suppliers in Taiwan for critical components, including various compute die, that cannot be easily or quickly replaced. Other of our
products, including some of our most recently introduced products, are made entirely in Taiwan. As such, any disruption impacting Taiwan could significantly and
adversely impact our ability to obtain critical components and supply our customers with products.
Russia’s ongoing conflict with Ukraine has resulted in the imposition of financial and other sanctions and export controls against Russia and Belarus that has caused us
and other companies to limit or suspend Russian operations (we had no exports to Russia in 2023 and 2024). The conflict has also resulted in Russia-imposed currency
restrictions and regulations and other retaliatory trade and other actions, increased supply, commodity, and other costs, and an increased risk of cyberattacks.

We can also be adversely affected by other global and regional factors that periodically occur, including:

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪

severe weather events and natural disasters, public health issues (including pandemics), and other catastrophic events;
inefficient infrastructure and other disruptions, such as supply chain interruptions, materials shortages or delays, and large-scale outages or unreliable provision of
services from utilities, transportation, data hosting, or telecommunications providers;
formal or informal imposition of new or revised export, import, or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions, tariffs, and changes in the ability to obtain export
licenses, which could be changed without notice;

government restrictions on, or nationalization of, our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from or distribute compensation or
other funds in a particular country;

adverse changes relating to government grants, tax credits, or other government incentives, including more favorable incentives provided to competitors;

differing employment practices and labor issues, including restricted access to talent;
ineffective legal protection of our IP rights in certain countries;

local business and cultural factors that differ from our current standards and practices;
continuing uncertainty regarding social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies in the US and abroad; and

fluctuations in the market values of our domestic and international investments, and in the capital and credit markets, which can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit
deterioration or losses, interest rate changes, financial results, political risk, sovereign risk, or other factors.

We are subject to numerous risks associated with the evolving market for products with AI capabilities.

The markets and use cases for products with AI capabilities have been rapidly evolving, are difficult to predict, and may impact demand for our products. For example, in the last
few years, the demand for high-end GPUs for model training increased dramatically and has resulted and may continue to result in a significant shift in data center customer
spend. The significant investments we have made and

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

expect to continue to make to develop products and software to address what we believe will be increasing demand for AI capabilities, most notably in AI PCs but also in the data
center and in GPUs, may be insufficient, and we face significant hurdles, including whether demand will materialize, whether third-party developers will develop the software to
utilize the AI capabilities of our products, and whether we will be successful in developing products that can compete with offerings by established competitors.

Our use of AI technology may subject us to reputational, financial, legal, or regulatory risks. As we incorporate AI technology into our products and services, any failure to
address concerns relating to the responsible use of the evolving AI technology in our products and services may cause harm to our reputation or financial liability and, as such,
may increase our costs to address or mitigate such risks and issues. AI technology may create ethical issues, generate defective algorithms, and present other risks that create
challenges with respect to its adoption. In addition, evolving laws, rules, regulations, and industry standards governing AI may require us to expend significant resources to
modify, maintain, or align our business practices or products.

We rely upon a complex global supply chain.

We have a highly complex global supply chain composed of thousands of suppliers. These suppliers provide direct materials for our production processes; supply tools,
equipment, and IP (via licenses) for our factories; deliver logistics and packaging services; and supply software, lab, and office equipment, and other goods and services used in
our business. We also rely on suppliers to provide certain components for our products and to manufacture and assemble and test some of our components and products. From
time to time, we are negatively impacted by supply chain issues, including:

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

suppliers extending lead times, experiencing capacity constraints, limiting or canceling supply, allocating supply to other customers including competitors, delaying or
canceling deliveries, or increasing prices;

supplier quality issues;

cybersecurity events, IP or other litigation, man-made or natural disasters, public health issues (including pandemics), operational failures, or other events that disrupt
suppliers;

long lead times to qualify alternate or additional suppliers, or the unavailability of qualified alternate suppliers; and
increased legislation, regulation, or stakeholder expectations regarding sourcing, including with respect to national security, human rights and environmental impact
concerns.

These and other supply chain issues can increase our costs, disrupt or reduce our production, delay our product shipments, prevent us from meeting customer demand, damage
our customer relationships, or negatively affect our reputation. They may keep us from successfully implementing our business strategy and can materially harm our business,
competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. From time to time, our customers experience disruptions or shortages in their own supply chains that constrain
their demand for our products. During the past several years, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, as well as outbreaks of COVID-19, caused supply chain disruptions
and delays in obtaining tools and other components, and the semiconductor industry experienced widespread shortages of substrates and other components and available
foundry manufacturing capacity. These shortages have previously limited our ability to supply customer demand in certain of our businesses, and have adversely affected
customer demand for our products, as some customers have been unable to procure sufficient quantities of third-party components used together with our products to produce
finished systems. It is difficult to predict the future impact of these shortages when they occur.

To obtain future supply of certain materials and components, particularly substrates, and third-party foundry manufacturing capacity, we have entered into arrangements with
some of our suppliers that involve long-term purchase commitments and/or large prepayments. These arrangements may not be adequate to meet our requirements, or our
suppliers may fail to deliver committed volumes on time or at all, or their financial condition may deteriorate. If future customer demand over the horizon of such arrangements
falls below our expectations, we could have excess or obsolete inventory, unneeded capacity, and increased costs, and our prepayments may not be fully utilized, and in some
cases may not be fully recoverable.

We utilize third-party foundries and component suppliers to manufacture or supply a number of our products and components necessary for our products that we manufacture.
As part of our strategy, we expect to continue to rely upon third-party foundries. Delays in the development of foundries' future manufacturing processes could delay the
introduction of products or components we design for such processes, and insufficient foundry capacity could prevent us from meeting customer demand. We typically have less
control over delivery schedules, design and manufacturing co-optimization, yields, quality, product quantities, and costs for components and products that are manufactured by
third parties.

Where possible, we seek to have several sources of supply. However, for certain products, components, services, materials, and equipment, we rely on a single or a limited
number of suppliers, or upon suppliers in a single location, which can impact the nature, quality, availability, and pricing of the products and services available to us. For example,
ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) is currently the sole supplier of EUV lithography tools that we are deploying in our Intel 4 and subsequent leading-edge manufacturing process
nodes. These tools are highly complex to develop and produce, and increasingly costly, and from time to time there are increases in lead times or delays in their development
and availability, which could delay the development or ramp of our future process nodes. As a further example, a limited number of third-party foundries offer leading-edge
manufacturing processes, and these providers are geographically concentrated in Asia. Some of our most advanced current and future products are or will be either exclusively
manufactured by TSMC or reliant upon critical components, including various compute die, manufactured by TSMC.

We are subject to the risks of product defects, errata, or other product issues.

From time to time, we identify product defects, errata, and other product issues, which can result from problems in our product design or our manufacturing and assembly and
test processes. Components and products we purchase or license from third-party suppliers, or gain

Risk Factors and Other Key Information


through acquisitions, can also contain defects. Product issues also sometimes result from the interaction between our products and third-party products and software. We face
risks if products that we design, manufacture, or sell, or that include our technology, cause personal injury or property damage, even where the cause is unrelated to product
defects or errata. These risks may increase as our products are introduced into new devices, market segments, technologies, or applications, including transportation,
autonomous driving, healthcare, communications, financial services, and other industrial, critical infrastructure, and consumer uses.

Costs from defects, errata, or other product issues could include:

▪
▪

▪
▪

▪
▪
▪

writing off some or all of the value of inventory;
recalling products that have been shipped;

providing product replacements or modifications;
providing consideration to customers, including reimbursement for certain costs they incur;

defending against litigation and/or paying resulting damages;
paying fines imposed by regulatory agencies; and
reputational harm.

These costs could be large and may increase expenses and lower gross margin, and/or result in delay or loss of revenue. Mitigation techniques designed to address product
issues, including software and firmware updates, are not always available on a timely basis—or at all—and do not always operate as intended or effectively resolve such issues
for all applications. We and third parties, such as hardware and software vendors, make prioritization decisions about which product issues to address, which can delay, limit, or
prevent development or deployment of a mitigation and harm our reputation and result in costs. Product defects, errata, or other product issues and/or mitigation techniques can
result in product failures, adverse performance and power effects, reboots, system instability or unavailability, loss of functionality, data loss or corruption, unpredictable system
behavior, decisions by customers and end users to limit or change the applications in which they use our products or product features, and other issues. For example, during
th
2024, some of our customers experienced instability issues when using Intel Core 13 and 14 Gen desktop processors, which required us to undertake an investigation and
deploy corrective actions. This adversely impacted sales volume during 2024 and may result in higher warranty costs in the future.

th

Product issues can damage our reputation, negatively affect product demand, delay product releases or deployment, result in legal liability, or make our products less
competitive, which could harm our business and financial results. Subsequent events or new information can develop that change our assessment of the impact of a product
issue. In addition, our liability insurance coverage has certain exclusions or may not adequately cover liabilities incurred. Our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to
pay a claim, and losses not covered by insurance could be large, which could harm our financial condition.

We face risks related to security vulnerabilities in our products.

We or third parties regularly identify security vulnerabilities with respect to our processors and other products, as well as the operating systems and workloads that run on them
and the components that interact with them. Components and IP we purchase or license from third parties for use in our products, as well as industry-standard specifications we
implement in our products, are also regularly subject to security vulnerabilities. Our processors and other products are being used in application areas that create new or
increased cybersecurity and privacy risks, including applications that gather and process large amounts of data, such as the cloud or Internet of Things, and critical infrastructure
and automotive applications. The security vulnerabilities identified in our processors include a category known as side-channel vulnerabilities, such as the variants referred to as
"Spectre" and "Meltdown." Additional categories and variants have been identified and are expected to continue to be identified. Security and manageability features in our
products cannot make our products absolutely secure, and these features themselves are subject to vulnerabilities and attempts by third parties to identify additional
vulnerabilities. We, our customers, and the users of our products do not always promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a vulnerability,
including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Subsequent events or new information can develop that changes our assessment of the impact of a
security vulnerability, including additional information learned as we develop and deploy mitigations or updates, become aware of additional variants, evaluate the
competitiveness of existing and new products, and address future warranty or other claims or customer satisfaction considerations, as well as developments in the course of any
litigation or regulatory inquiries or actions over these matters.

Mitigation techniques designed to address security vulnerabilities in our products, including software and firmware updates or other preventative measures, are not always
available on a timely basis—or at all—and at times do not operate as intended or effectively resolve vulnerabilities for all applications. In addition, we are often required to rely on
third parties, including hardware, software, and services vendors, as well as our customers and end users, to develop and/or deploy mitigation techniques, and the availability,
effectiveness, and performance impact of mitigation techniques can depend solely or in part on the actions of these third parties in determining whether, when, and how to
develop and deploy mitigations. Export restrictions may impede our ability to provide updates or patches to customers in certain geographies or that appear on sanctions lists,
potentially leaving systems unpatched and open to exploitation. Further, sanctions lists may include third parties with whom we need to interact for coordinated vulnerability
disclosure, which may impair our ability to receive information about vulnerabilities and to deliver mitigations for them. We and such third parties make prioritization decisions
about which vulnerabilities to address, which can delay, limit, or prevent development or deployment of a mitigation and harm our reputation. Security vulnerabilities and/or
mitigation techniques can result in adverse performance or power effects, reboots, system instability or unavailability, loss of functionality, data loss or corruption, unpredictable
system behavior, decisions by customers and end users to limit or change the applications in which they use our products or product features, and/or the misappropriation of
data by third parties.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Security vulnerabilities and any limitations or adverse effects of mitigation techniques can adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, customer relationships,
prospects, and reputation in a number of ways, any of which may be material. For example, whether or not vulnerabilities involve attempted or successful exploits, they may
result in our incurring significant costs related to developing and deploying updates and mitigations, writing down inventory value, defending against product claims and litigation,
responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, addressing customer satisfaction considerations, providing product replacements or modifications, or taking other
remedial steps with respect to third parties. Adverse publicity about security vulnerabilities or mitigations could damage our reputation with customers or users and reduce
demand for our products and services. These effects may be greater to the extent that competing products are not susceptible to the same vulnerabilities or if vulnerabilities can
be more effectively mitigated in competing products. Moreover, third parties can release information regarding potential vulnerabilities of our products before mitigations are
available, which, in turn, could lead to attempted or successful exploits, adversely affect our ability to introduce mitigations, or otherwise harm our business and reputation.

We are subject to increasing and evolving cybersecurity threats and privacy risks.

We face significant and persistent cybersecurity risks due to: the breadth of geographies, networks, and systems we must defend against cybersecurity attacks; the complexity,
technical sophistication, value, and widespread use of our systems, products, and processes; the attractiveness of our systems, products, and processes to threat actors
(including state-sponsored organizations) seeking to inflict harm on us or our customers; the substantial level of harm that could occur to us and our customers were we to suffer
impacts of a material cybersecurity incident; and our use of third-party products, services, and components. Such an incident, whether or not successful, could result in our
incurring significant costs related to, for example, rebuilding our internal systems, writing down inventory value, implementing additional threat protection measures, providing
modifications to our products and services, defending against litigation or enforcement proceedings, paying damages, providing customers with incentives to maintain a business
relationship with us, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties, as well as incurring significant reputational harm. We regularly face attempts by malicious
attackers who attempt to gain access to our network or data centers or those of our suppliers, customers, partners, end users, or other third parties; steal proprietary, personal, or
confidential information related to our business, products, employees, suppliers, or customers; sabotage our systems or those of our suppliers, customers, partners, end users,
or other third parties; interrupt our systems and services or those of our suppliers, customers, or others; or demand ransom to return control of such systems and services. As we
operate and expect to grow certain emerging business lines, such as our third-party foundry business and our cloud computing and SaaS offerings, we expect to collect or host
significant amounts of highly sensitive customer data, which may increasingly make us a target of attempts to steal or corrupt that data. Individuals and organizations, including
malicious hackers, state-sponsored organizations, insider threats including employees and third-party service providers, and intruders into our physical facilities, at times attempt
to gain unauthorized access to and/or corrupt the processes used to design and manufacture our hardware products and our associated software and services. We are also a
frequent target of attackers that intend to sabotage, compromise, take control of, or otherwise corrupt our manufacturing or other processes, products, and services. In some
instances, we, our suppliers, our customers, and the users of our products and services may be unaware of a threat or incident or its magnitude and effects, or we may be unable
to timely mitigate the impacts of an incident.

Cyber attack attempts are increasing in number, magnitude, and technical sophistication, and if successful, may expose us and the affected parties to loss or misuse of
proprietary or confidential information or disruptions to our business operations, including our manufacturing operations, and could impact our financial results. We expect
emerging technologies to contribute to the increasing sophistication of attacks and to lead to new threats. For example, threat actors are leveraging emerging AI technologies to
develop new hacking tools and attack vectors, exploit vulnerabilities, obscure their activities, and increase the difficulty of threat attribution. The proliferation of generative AI
increases the risk of these technologies being used by threat actors to impersonate authorized individuals, which may make attacks even more difficult to detect and prevent.
Moreover, the increased adoption of generative AI models within our internal systems, processes, and tools may create new attack methods for threat actors.

As a developer of leading-edge manufacturing process nodes and widely utilized semiconductor processors and other products, we have been, and expect to continue to be, the
subject of intense efforts by sophisticated cyber adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, who seek to compromise our systems, disrupt our operations or those of
users of our products, or steal trade secrets. As geopolitical or armed global conflicts escalate, attacks against us, our customers, or our strategic allies may similarly intensify.
For example, from 2019 to 2021, we, along with other companies with meaningful operations in Israel, were targets of concerted cyberattacks. In the fourth quarter of 2020, our
Habana Labs subsidiary's network was breached in connection with a suspected unsuccessful ransomware attack, resulting in unauthorized third-party access of certain
confidential information.

We are also subject to risks associated with attacks on products, services, and components in our supply chain, such as the 2020 compromise of IT infrastructure management
software provided by SolarWinds Corporation, and risks from vulnerabilities in using industry-wide software solutions and third-party components, such as the 2021 Log4Shell
vulnerability and similar vulnerabilities that followed. The CrowdStrike outage that occurred in 2024 is another example of the risks we face from utilizing products and
components that are widely adopted in supply chains. These providers can experience breaches of their systems and products, or provide inadequate updates or support, which
can impact the security of our systems and our proprietary or confidential information. Since 2021, we have observed an increase in ransomware attacks in our supply chain.

We are required to comply with stringent, complex, and evolving laws, rules, regulations, and standards in many jurisdictions, as well as contractual obligations, relating to
cybersecurity and data privacy. Any failure or perceived failure by us to so comply, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss,
destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release, or transfer of personal information, may result in our having to modify or cease certain operations or practices; the
expenditure of substantial costs, time, and other resources; legal proceedings or actions against us (including class action lawsuits); or governmental investigations.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business, including data stored with vendors or other third parties, could result
in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Costs to comply with and implement privacy-related and data-protection
measures are significant, and noncompliance could expose us to significant monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, suspension of online services or sites in certain
countries, and even criminal sanctions.

We are subject to IP risks, including related litigation and regulatory proceedings.

We cannot always protect our IP or enforce our IP rights. We regard our patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other IP rights as important to the success of our business. We
rely on IP law—as well as confidentiality and licensing agreements with our customers, employees, technology development partners, and others—to protect our IP and IP rights.
Our ability to enforce these rights is subject to general litigation risks, as well as uncertainty as to the enforceability of our IP rights in various countries and other geopolitical
factors. We are not always able to obtain protection for our IP or enforce or protect our IP rights. When we seek to enforce our rights, we may be subject to claims that our IP
rights are invalid, not enforceable, or licensed to an opposing party. Our assertion of IP rights may result in another party seeking to assert claims against us, which could harm
our business. From time to time, governments adopt regulations and governments or courts render decisions requiring compulsory licensing of IP rights, or governments require
products to meet standards that favor local companies. Our inability to enforce our IP rights under any of these circumstances can harm our competitive position and business. In
some cases, our IP rights can offer inadequate protection for our innovations. In addition, the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential
business information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our products; as a result, the value of our investment in R&D, product development, and
marketing could be reduced.

Our licenses with other companies and participation in industry initiatives at times allow competitors to use some of our patent rights. Technology companies often bilaterally
license patents between each other to settle disputes or as part of business agreements. Some of our competitors have in the past had, and may in the future have, licenses to
some of our patents, and under current case law, some of the licenses can exhaust our patent rights as to licensed product sales under some circumstances. Our participation in
industry standards organizations or with other industry initiatives at times requires us to offer to license our patents to companies that adopt industry-standard specifications.
Depending on the rules of the organization, government regulations, or court decisions, we sometimes have to grant licenses to some of our patents for little or no cost, and as a
result, we may be unable to enforce certain patents against others, and the value of our IP rights may be impaired.

Third parties assert claims based on IP rights against us and our products, which could harm our business. We face claims based on IP rights from individuals, companies,
investment litigation entities, other non-practicing entities, academic and research institutions, and other parties. We have seen an increase in patent assertions and lawsuits
initiated by well-funded non-practicing entities, including entities funded by third-party investment firms. These lawsuits can increase our cost of doing business, impact our
reputation or relationship with customers, and disrupt our operations if they succeed in blocking the trade of our products. The patent litigation environment has also become
more challenging due to the emergence of venues adopting procedural and substantive rules that make them more favorable for patent asserters and courts in which injunctions
are available for non-competitors. For example, in February 2024, R2 Semiconductor, Inc., a non-practicing entity, was able to obtain an injunction and recall order against us
and our customers in the Dusseldorf Regional Court in Germany that, if enforced, could have caused significant potential disruption to our and our customers’ businesses in
Europe. In the past few years, we have faced costly and lengthy lawsuits across multiple jurisdictions selected by non-practicing entities with well-funded third-party investment
support, including most notably the VLSI and R2 litigation, which have resulted in significant adverse judgments and settlements.

We are typically engaged in a number of disputes involving IP rights. Claims that our products, technologies, or processes infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their
merits, cause us to incur large costs to respond to, defend, and resolve the claims, and they divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from our
business and operations. In addition, we may face claims based on the alleged theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of third-party trade secrets, confidential information, or
end-user data that we obtain in conducting our business. Any such incidents and claims could severely disrupt our business, and we could suffer losses, including the cost of
product recalls and returns, and reputational harm. Furthermore, in many instances, we agree to indemnify customers for certain IP rights claims against them. IP rights claims
against our customers could also limit demand for our products or disrupt our customers' businesses, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations.

As a result of IP rights claims, we could:

▪

▪
▪

▪

pay monetary damages, payments to satisfy indemnification obligations, royalties, fines, penalties, or provide accommodations to customers such as through cash
payments or discounts;
stop manufacturing, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing products or technology subject to claims;
need to develop other products or technology not subject to claims, which could be time-consuming or costly; and/or

enter into settlement or license agreements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms and may be costly.

These IP rights claims could harm our competitive position, result in expenses, or require us to impair our assets. If we alter or stop production of affected items, our revenue
could be harmed.

We rely on access to third-party IP, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Many of our products are designed to include third-party
technology or implement industry standards, which may require licenses from third parties. In addition, from time to time, third parties notify us that they believe we are using their
IP. There is no assurance that any necessary licenses or our existing licenses to such third-party IP can be obtained or are available on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
Failure to obtain the right to use third-party technology, or to license IP on commercially reasonable terms, could preclude us from selling certain products or

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

otherwise have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. To the extent our products include software that contains or is derived from opensource software, we may be required to make the software's source code publicly available and/or license the software under open-source licensing terms.

We are subject to risks associated with litigation and regulatory matters. From time to time, we face legal claims or regulatory matters involving stockholder, consumer,
competition, commercial, IP, labor and employment, compliance, and other issues. As described in "Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies" within Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, we are engaged in a number of litigation and regulatory matters. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings,
excessive verdicts, or other events have occurred and could occur again, including monetary damages, fines, penalties, or injunctions stopping us from manufacturing or selling
certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsory licensing of patents. An unfavorable outcome can result in a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation and regulatory proceedings can be costly, time-consuming,
disruptive to our operations, harmful to our reputation, and distracting to management.

We must attract, retain, and motivate key talent.

We believe that hiring and retaining qualified executives, scientists, engineers, technical talent, sales representatives, and other professionals are critical to our business. The
competition for highly skilled employees in our industry is intense, with the demand often exceeding supply. Competitors for technical talent often seek to hire our employees, and
the availability of flexible, hybrid, or work-from-home arrangements has both intensified and expanded competition. In addition, changes in immigration policies may further limit
the pool of available talent and impair our ability to recruit and hire technical and professional talent. From time to time, we have intensified our efforts to recruit and retain talent,
such as during 2021 and the first half of 2022, and these efforts have increased our expenses. Further, we may not be successful in attracting, retaining, and motivating the
workforce necessary to deliver on our strategy, and we have been required to curtail our planned hiring and reduce our workforce to respond to business conditions that have
differed from our expectations, which can be disruptive, adversely impact employee morale, compromise our ability to deliver on our strategy and workforce goals, and impact our
ability to recruit in the future. For example, we undertook significant headcount reductions in 2022 and 2024. To help attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees, we use
share-based awards, such as RSUs, and performance-based cash incentive awards. Sustained declines in our stock price or lower stock price performance relative to our
competitors have reduced the retention value of our share-based awards, which can impact the competitiveness of our compensation. To the extent our compensation programs
and workplace culture are not viewed as competitive, or changes in our workforce and related restructuring, reduction-in-force, or other initiatives are not viewed favorably, our
ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees can be weakened, which could harm our results of operations. In addition, significant or prolonged turnover may negatively
impact our operations and culture, as well as our ability to successfully maintain our processes and procedures, including due to the loss of historical, technical, and other
expertise.

Changes in our management team can also disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, given the long development cycle for semiconductor process
technologies and products and the large capital investments over a long time period required for semiconductor manufacturing operations. We have had a number of changes in
our senior leadership team in recent years, including our CEO and other senior management positions. For example, in December 2024, our most recent CEO retired after less
than four years with the company and a search is currently underway for a new CEO. To the extent we do not effectively hire, onboard, retain, and motivate key employees and
leadership, our business may be harmed.

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic transactions and investments.

We routinely evaluate opportunities and enter into agreements for possible acquisitions, divestitures, and other strategic transactions. These transactions involve numerous risks,
including:

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

our inability to identify opportunities in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us;

failure of the transaction to advance our business strategy and failure of its anticipated benefits to materialize;

disruption of our ongoing operations and diversion of our management's attention;

failure of partners to satisfy financial or other obligations on which we rely;
our inability to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding a project, property, or entity;

failure to complete a transaction in a timely manner, or at all, due to our inability to obtain required government or other approvals on a timely basis or without materially
burdensome conditions or mandated acquisitions, divestitures, or disposals, IP disputes or other litigation, difficulty in obtaining financing on terms acceptable to us, or
other unforeseen factors;
our failure to realize a satisfactory return on our investment, potentially resulting in an impairment of goodwill and other assets, such as the$2.9 billion charge we
recorded in the third quarter of 2024 primarily related to Mobileye goodwill, and restructuring charges;

our inability to effectively enter new market segments through our strategic transactions or retain customers and partners of acquired businesses;

our inability to retain key personnel of acquired or majority-owned businesses or our difficulty in integrating or separating employees, business systems, and technology
or otherwise operating the acquired or majority-owned business;

controls, processes, and procedures of acquired or majority-owned businesses that do not adequately ensure compliance with laws and regulations and create
complexity and inconsistency in application of controls, processes and procedures, and our failure to identify and/or address compliance issues, including accounting or
tax errors, or liabilities;
our inability to resolve impasses or disputes with partners, including as a result of differences in our interests or goals;

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

▪

▪

our failure to identify, or our underestimation of, commitments, liabilities, accounting, tax, and other risks associated with acquired businesses or assets, majority-owned
businesses, or novel transactions; and

the potential for our transactions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities or significant additional debt.

Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, particularly in the case of a large acquisition,
divestiture or partial divestiture, or several concurrent strategic transactions. Moreover, our resources are limited and our decision to pursue a transaction has opportunity costs;
accordingly, if we pursue a particular transaction, we at times need to forgo the prospect of entering into other transactions or otherwise investing our resources in a manner that
could help us achieve our financial or strategic objectives.

We are subject to sales-related risks.

We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties. We sell a significant portion of our products through third parties, such as distributors, value-added
resellers, and channel partners (collectively referred to as distributors), as well as OEMs and ODMs. We depend on many distributors to help us create end-customer demand,
provide technical support and other value-added services to customers, fill customer orders, and stock our products. At times, we rely on one or more key distributors for a
product, and a material change in our relationship with one or more of these distributors or their failure to perform as expected could reduce our revenue. Our ability to add or
replace distributors for some of our products is limited. In addition, our distributors' expertise in the determination and stocking of acceptable inventory levels for some of our
products is not always easily transferable to a new distributor; as a result, end customers may be hesitant to accept the addition or replacement of a distributor. Using third
parties for distribution exposes us to many risks, including competitive pressure and concentration, credit, and compliance risks. Distributors and other third parties often sell
products that compete with our products, and we sometimes need to provide financial and other incentives to focus them on the sale of our products. From time to time, they may
face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. Further, any violations of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act or similar laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could have a material impact on our business, including subjecting us to litigation or regulatory risk.
Failure to manage risks related to our use of distributors and other third parties may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position.

From time to time, our products are resold by third parties in an unauthorized "gray market." Our policies and procedures designed to keep our products away from the gray
market may not be successful in achieving this objective. Gray market products can distort demand and pricing dynamics in our distribution channel and certain geographies,
which at times adversely affects our revenue opportunities. Gray market activity is difficult to monitor and can make forecasting demand more challenging. Gray market products
also sometimes include parts that have been altered or damaged, and our reputation may be harmed when these products fail or are found to be substandard.

We receive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. Collectively, our three largest customers accounted for 45%of our net revenue in 2024, 40%of our net revenue in 2023 and 42%of our net revenue in 2022. We expect a small number of customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenue in the
foreseeable future. The loss of key customers, a substantial reduction in sales to them, or changes in the timing of their orders can lead to a reduction in our revenue, increase
the volatility of our results, and harm our results of operations and financial condition.

Industry trends, such as the increasing shift of data center workloads to the public cloud, have increased the significance and purchasing power of certain customers, particularly
hyperscalers, in some of our data center-focused businesses. The cloud and cloud applications represent an increasingly demanding computing environment. The further
consolidation of computing workloads in the cloud, and consolidation among cloud service providers, can heighten the competitive importance of factors such as collaboration
and customization with cloud service provider customers to optimize products for their environments; optimization for cloud services and applications; product performance;
energy efficiency; feature differentiation; product quality, reliability, and factors affecting server uptime; and product security and security features. Our competitive position can be
eroded to the extent we do not execute effectively across these factors. We are operating in an increasingly competitive environment, including serving cloud service provider
customers, and the competitive environment adversely affected our results in the last few years.

Some cloud service provider customers have also internally developed, and may continue to develop, their own semiconductors, including designs customized for their specific
computing workloads. In addition, cloud services can be marketed to end users based on service levels or features rather than hardware specifications, or they can abstract
hardware under layers of software, which can make it more difficult to differentiate our products to customers and end users. The shift of data center workloads to the cloud has
also adversely affected, and may continue to affect, sales to enterprise customers when end users have elected to migrate workloads from their own internal data center
infrastructures to cloud service providers. To the extent we differentiate our products through customization to meet cloud customer specifications, order changes, delays, or
cancellations may result in non-recoverable costs.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

We face risks related to transactions with government entities. We receive proceeds from both US and non-US governments associated with grants, incentives, and sales of our
products and services, and we are seeking to increase our sales of products and services to governmental entities in the future. Government demand and payment are often
affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, including, with respect to US government contracts, congressional approval of appropriations, and can be
adversely impacted by shutdowns of the US federal government and changes in US administration, including administrative priorities. Government contracts are subject to
procurement laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of those contracts, as well as oversight and penalties for violations. For example,
certain agreements with the US government are subject to special rules on accounting, IP rights, expenses, reviews, information handling, security, customers, and/or
employees, and failure or inability to comply with these rules could result in civil and criminal penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, fines, and suspension or
debarment from future business with the US government.

We face risks related to our debt obligations.

We have incurred significant debt obligations that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including our ability to fully implement our strategy. As of
December 28, 2024, we had$51.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes and other borrowings outstanding. In addition, we have a commercial paper
program of up to$10.0 billion and credit facilities to backstop these programs and otherwise provide access to committed capital of up to$15.0 billion. As we continue to pursue
our strategy, we expect to incur additional indebtedness, refinance our existing debt, and issue additional notes or other debt securities in the future at a variety of interest rates,
maturities, and terms. The semiconductor industry is a cyclical business and our revenue, cash flows, and outlook often fluctuate in accordance with this cycle, as well as
prevailing macroeconomic conditions, our business strategy, and other risks described in these risk factors. These fluctuations, together with our debt level and related debt
service obligations, could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing the risk of a
future downgrade in our credit ratings that can impact the value of our outstanding debt and increase our borrowing costs. During 2024 and in prior years, we suffered multiple
credit rating downgrades that adversely impacted our borrowing costs and access to capital, and we may continue to suffer additional such downgrades if our business and
financial results do not measurably improve. We may also be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, debt
refinancing, future acquisitions, or other general corporate purposes, which will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing
market conditions and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, we may not be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which
could adversely impact our ability to finance our business strategy and service and repay outstanding indebtedness as it becomes due, all of which could adversely impact our
business, financial condition, and the cost of borrowing.

We have ceased to return capital to stockholders.

In recent years, we have not made repurchases of our stock and reduced, and then suspended in the fourth quarter of 2024, our quarterly dividend. Further, we agreed under our
commercial CHIPS Act agreement to forgo paying dividends for the next two years, and agreed to limitations on the payment of dividends for the three years thereafter. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. In addition, we are not obligated to make repurchases under our stock repurchase program and there can
be no assurances as to the amount, timing, and execution of any future share repurchases, or that any repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value.

Laws and regulations can have a negative impact on our business.

We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations worldwide that differ among jurisdictions and affect our operations in areas including, but not limited to: IP
ownership and infringement; tax; import and export requirements; anti-corruption; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy and localization
requirements; competition; advertising; employment and labor; product regulations; environment, health, and safety requirements; and consumer laws. Compliance with such
requirements can be onerous and expensive and may otherwise impact our business operations negatively. For example, unfavorable developments with evolving laws and
regulations worldwide related to 5G or autonomous driving technology and MaaS may limit global adoption, impede our strategy, or negatively impact our long-term expectations
for our investments in these areas. Expanding privacy legislation and compliance costs of privacy-related and data-protection measures could adversely affect our customers and
their products and services, particularly in cloud, Internet of Things, and AI applications, which could in turn reduce demand for our products used for those workloads.

Our policies, controls, and procedures designed to help provide for compliance with applicable laws cannot provide assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, or
agents will not violate such laws or our policies. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees;
prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. The technology industry is subject to intense media, political, and regulatory scrutiny, which can
increase our exposure to government investigations, legal actions, and penalties.

We are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

We are exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. Although most of our sales occur in US dollars, operating expenses and capital
expenditures may be paid in local currencies. An increase in the value of the dollar can increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the US
where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar can increase the cost of expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, as well as non-US dollar capital
expenditures. We also conduct certain investing and financing activities in local currencies. Our hedging programs may not be effective to offset any, or more than a portion, of
the adverse impact of currency exchange rate movements; therefore, changes in exchange rates can harm our results of operations and financial condition.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information


Changes in our effective tax rate may impact our net income.

A number of factors can impact our future effective tax rate or cash payments, which could cause significant variability in our financial results, including:

▪

▪

▪
▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪

▪
▪

changes in the volume and mix of profits earned and location of assets across jurisdictions with varying tax rates;

changes in our business or legal entity operating model;

the resolution of issues arising from tax audits, including payment of interest and penalties;
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and in deferred tax valuation allowances;

adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of tax returns;

increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including impairments of goodwill;

changes in available tax credits, including non-US tax credits, R&D credits, and refundable tax credits;

expirations or changes in our ability to secure new tax holidays and incentives;

changes in US federal, state, or foreign tax laws or their interpretation, including the global implementation of a minimum tax under Pillar Two of the OECD BEPS
initiative;

changes in US GAAP and non-US IFRS; and
our decision to repatriate non-US earnings for which we have not previously provided for incremental taxes, including any local country withholding taxes incurred upon
repatriation.

Catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

Our operations and business, and those of our customers and suppliers, can be disrupted by: severe weather events and natural disasters; industrial accidents; public health
issues and global pandemics such as COVID-19; cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation restrictions or disruptions, telecommunications, or IT
systems providers; manufacturing equipment failures; geopolitical conflict; terrorism; or other catastrophic events. For example, we have at times experienced disruptions in our
manufacturing processes as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, and disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, including cybersecurity
incidents affecting our suppliers. Our headquarters and many of our operations and facilities are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global
climate change can result in certain natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding, and could
disrupt the availability of water necessary for the operation of our fabrication facilities, including our facilities located in water-sensitive regions such as Arizona and Israel. In
addition, to the extent we are unable to successfully manage and conserve water resources, our reputation could be harmed. In recent years, the west coast of the US has
experienced significant wildfires, including in Oregon, where we have major manufacturing facilities, and in California, where we are headquartered. The long-term effects of
climate change on the global economy and the technology industry in particular are unclear but could be severe.

We are subject to risks associated with environmental, health, safety, and product regulations.

The design, manufacturing, assembly, and test of our products require the use and purchase of materials and chemicals that are subject to a broad array of environmental,
health, and safety laws and regulations. Our operations and those of our suppliers are further governed by regulations prohibiting the use of forced labor (e.g., mining conflict
minerals), and restrictions on other materials, as well as laws or regulations governing the operation of our facilities, sale and distribution of our products, and use of our real
property. The scope and interpretation of such laws and regulations, including the materials they govern, are complex and continue to evolve. The procedures and processes in
place under our compliance program may become onerous or increasingly expensive to maintain and cannot guarantee compliance by employees or third parties to whom such
laws apply. The amendment or expansion of these laws or regulations, as well as our failure or inability to comply with them (including as a result of acquired entities), can result
in regulatory penalties, fines, and legal liabilities; increased costs; additional remediation obligations; suspension of production; alteration, suspension, or termination of our
manufacturing and assembly and test processes, including due to an inability to find, afford, or attain adequate substitute materials, equipment, or processes; damage to our
reputation; and restrictions on our operations or sales. In addition, the failure or inability to comply by our suppliers of these materials can require us to suspend or alter our
production processes and sources, and result in increased risks and costs.

The failure or inability by us, our customers, or our suppliers to manage the use, transportation, emissions, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of hazardous materials can
lead to increased costs or future liabilities. Environmental regulations, including with respect to the materials and processes we are permitted to use and as to air quality and
wastewater requirements, may impede our ability to manufacture products or expand or modify our manufacturing capability in the future. Environmental laws and regulations
sometimes require us to acquire additional pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, cease the use of a particular material or process, remove or
remediate hazardous substances, or incur other expenses or liabilities. Regulations in response to climate change could result in increased manufacturing costs associated with
air pollution requirements. For example, semiconductor manufacturing uses perfluorocarbons, which have historically made up a large portion of our direct greenhouse gas
emissions. New or increased regulations limiting the use of such compounds, or other greenhouse gas emissions, could require us to install additional abatement equipment,
purchase carbon offsets, and/or alter, where feasible, our production processes and sources. In addition, new or increased climate change regulation could increase our energy
costs, for example as a result of carbon pricing impacts on electrical utilities. Regulations in response to human health concerns may also limit or prohibit the use of a class of
chemicals known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), which are found in parts, components, process chemicals, and other materials used in semiconductor
manufacturing. Such chemicals are critical to the manufacturing and functioning of many semiconductor products and there are limited

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

technically and commercially feasible alternatives. As we expand our manufacturing capacity, the impacts of future regulation could be magnified. Many new materials that we
are evaluating for use in our operations are also subject to regulation under environmental laws. These restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by
increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter manufacturing and assembly and test processes.

Our initiatives and new legal requirements with respect to corporate responsibility matters present various risks.

Our corporate responsibility initiatives could expose us to heightened scrutiny and numerous financial, legal, reputational, operational, compliance, and other risks, including lost
customer opportunities, which could negatively impact us. Our achievement of initiatives, aspirations, and goals related to corporate responsibility matters, including those related
to sustainability, is not guaranteed and is subject to numerous conditions, risks, and expectations, as well as standards, processes, and methodologies that continue to evolve.
Further, any failure to set or achieve corporate responsibility initiatives that meet our stakeholders' evolving expectations could also negatively impact us.

In addition, we are or expect to become subject to various new or proposed climate-related and other sustainability laws and regulations, including, for example, the state of
California's new climate change disclosure requirements, the EU's new Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, and the SEC's recently adopted climate-change disclosure
requirements. Compliance with such laws and regulations, as well as the overall increased focus and scrutiny from regulators, investors, customers, vendors, employees, and
other stakeholders concerning ESG and climate matters, could impose additional costs on us and expose us to new risks, including resulting in changes to our current ESG
goals.

Sales and Marketing

Customers

We design, market, sell, and service CPUs and other semiconductor solutions substantially through our Intel Products business that are manufactured by our Intel Foundry
business and other suppliers and are incorporated in computing and related end products and services, and utilized globally by consumers, enterprises, governments, and
educational organizations. We sell our products primarily to OEMs, ODMs, and cloud service providers. ODMs provide design and manufacturing services to branded and
unbranded private-label resellers. In addition, our customers include other manufacturers and service providers, such as industrial and communication equipment manufacturers
and cloud service providers who buy our products through distributor, reseller, retail, and OEM channels throughout the world. For information on customers who accounted for
greater than 10%of our consolidated net revenue, see "Note 3: Operating Segments" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our worldwide reseller sales channel consists of thousands of indirect customers—systems builders that purchase Intel processors and other products from our distributors.
Certain of our microprocessors and other products are also available in direct retail outlets.

Sales Arrangements

Our products are sold through distribution channels throughout the world. Sales of our products are frequently made via purchase order acknowledgments that contain standard
terms and conditions covering matters such as pricing, payment terms, and warranties, as well as indemnities for issues specific to our products, such as patent and copyright
indemnities. Because our customers generally order from us on a purchase order basis, they can typically cancel, change, or delay product purchase commitments with little or
no notice to us and without penalty. From time to time, we may enter into additional agreements with customers covering, for example, changes from our standard terms and
conditions, new product development and marketing, and private-label branding. Our sales are routinely made using electronic and web-based processes that allow customers to
review inventory availability and track the progress of specific goods ordered. Pricing on particular products may vary based on volumes ordered and other factors. We also offer
discounts, rebates, and other incentives to customers to increase acceptance of our products and technology.

In accordance with contract terms, the revenue for combined performance obligations and standalone product sales is recognized at the time of product shipment from our
facilities or delivery to the customer location, as determined by the agreed-upon shipping terms. Our standard terms and conditions of sale typically provide that payment is due
at a later date, usually 30 days after shipment or delivery. We assess credit risk through quantitative and qualitative analysis. From this analysis, we establish shipping and credit
limits and determine whether we will seek to use one or more credit support protection devices, such as obtaining a parent guarantee, standby letter of credit, or credit insurance.
Credit losses may still be incurred due to bankruptcy, fraud, or other failure of the customer to pay.

Distribution

Distributors typically handle a wide variety of products, including those that compete with our products, and fill orders for many customers. Customers may place orders directly
with us or through distributors. We have several distribution warehouses that are located in proximity to key customers.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Seasonal Trends

Historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, accelerating in the third quarter and peaking in the fourth
quarter. In 2024 and 2023, our net revenue seasonality was directionally consistent with this historical trend. In 2022, we had a flatter trend than we historically observe as we
experienced the uncertainty and impacts, including demand volatility and supply chain disruption, of macroeconomic conditions, the potential for a recession, and the risk for
continued COVID-19-related disruptions or shutdowns.

Marketing

Our global marketing objectives are to build a strong, well-known, differentiated, and meaningful Intel corporate brand that drives preference with businesses and consumers,
and to offer a limited number of meaningful and valuable brands in our portfolio to aid businesses and consumers in making informed choices about technology purchases. The
Intel Core processor family and Intel Xeon trademarks make up our key CPU brands. This year we introduced our new Intel Core Ultra processors, powering the latest AI PCs,
and our Intel Xeon 6 processors, built with AI acceleration in every core. Our foundry services business aims to offer leading-edge packaging and process technology,
geographically balanced manufacturing capacity, and a world-class IP portfolio.

In addition to bringing new products to market in 2024, we focus on building brand awareness and driving demand through our own direct marketing and co-marketing programs
with partners. Our direct marketing activities primarily include advertising through digital and social media, as well as consumer and trade events, industry and consumer
communications, and public relations. We market to consumer and commercial audiences. Our key messaging reinforces the Intel brand pillars of exceptionally engineered,
collaboratively innovative, and responsibly built, while emphasizing our ability to bring AI everywhere across data center, cloud, edge, and PC.

Certain customers participate in cooperative advertising and marketing programs. These cooperative advertising and marketing programs broaden the reach of our brands
beyond the scope of our own direct marketing. Certain customers are licensed to place Intel logos on computing devices containing our microprocessors and processor
technologies, and to use our brands in their marketing activities. The program partially reimburses customers for marketing activities for products featuring Intel brands, subject to
customers meeting defined criteria. These marketing activities primarily include advertising through digital and social media and television, as well as press relations.

®

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are affected by changes in currency exchange and interest rates, as well as equity and commodity prices. Our risk management programs are designed to reduce, but may
not eliminate, the impacts of these risks. All of the following potential changes are based on sensitivity analyses performed on our financial positions as of December 28, 2024
and December 30, 2023. Actual results may differ materially.

Currency Exchange Rates

We are exposed to currency exchange risks of non-US-dollar-denominated investments in debt and equity instruments, and may economically hedge these risks with foreign
currency contracts, such as currency forward contracts, currency swaps, or interest rate swaps. Gains or losses on these non-US-currency investments are generally offset by
corresponding losses or gains on the related hedging instruments.

Substantially all of our revenue is transacted in US dollars. However, a portion of our operating expenditures and capital purchases are incurred in other currencies, primarily the
Israeli shekel, the Malaysian ringgit, the European Union euro, the Japanese yen, and the Chinese yuan. We have established currency risk management programs to protect
against currency exchange rate risks associated with non-US-dollar forecasted future cash flows and existing non-US-dollar monetary assets and liabilities. We may also hedge
currency risk arising from funding of foreign currency-denominated future investments. We may utilize foreign currency contracts, such as currency forwards or option contracts
in these hedging programs. We considered the historical trends in currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that a weighted average adverse
change of 10%in currency exchange rates could be experienced in the near term. Such an adverse change, after taking into account balance sheet hedges only and offsetting
recorded monetary asset and liability positions outstanding as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 would result in an adverse impact on income before taxes of less
than$54 million and less than$53 million, respectively.

Interest Rates

We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The primary objective of our investment policy is to preserve principal and
provide financial flexibility to fund our business while maximizing yields, which generally track SOFR. We generally enter into interest rate contracts to convert the returns on our
fixed-rate debt investment with remaining maturities longer than six months into SOFR-based returns. We also entered into swaps to convert fixed-rate coupon payments into
floating-rate coupon payments for a portion of our existing indebtedness. Gains or losses on these instruments are generally offset by corresponding losses or gains on the
related hedging instruments.

A hypothetical change in benchmark interest rates of 1%, after taking into account investment hedges, would have resulted in a change in the fair value of our investment
portfolio of less than$100 million as of December 28, 2024 and as of December 30, 2023.

Taking into account fixed-rate debt that is swapped to floating-rate debt, a hypothetical increase in interest rates of 1%would result in an increase in annual interest expense of
approximately$120 million from debt outstanding as of December 28, 2024 ($120 million from debt outstanding as of December 30, 2023).

Equity Prices

We are exposed to equity market risk through our investments in marketable equity securities, which we typically do not attempt to reduce or eliminate through hedging activities.

As of December 28, 2024, the fair value of our marketable equity securities was$0.8 billion ($1.2 billion as of December 30, 2023). The substantial majority of our marketable
equity securities portfolio as of December 28, 2024 was concentrated in securities traded on the Chinese Shanghai Stock Exchange Science and Technology Innovation Board.
To determine reasonably possible decreases in the market value of our marketable equity securities, we have analyzed the historical market price sensitivity of our portfolio.
Assuming a decline of 55%in market prices, the aggregate value of our marketable equity securities could decrease by$466 million, based on the value as of December 28,
2024 (a decrease in value of$418 million, based on the value as of December 30, 2023 using an assumed decline of 35%).

We utilize total return swaps to offset changes in liabilities related to the equity market risks of certain deferred compensation arrangements. Gains or losses from changes in fair
value of these total return swaps are generally offset by the losses or gains on the related liabilities.

Many of the same factors that could result in an adverse movement of equity market prices affect our non-marketable equity investments, although we cannot always quantify the
impacts directly. Financial markets are volatile, which could negatively affect the prospects of the companies we invest in, their ability to raise additional capital, and the likelihood
of our ability to realize value in our investments through liquidity events such as IPOs, mergers, and private sales. These types of investments involve a great deal of risk, and
there can be no assurance that any specific company will grow or become successful; consequently, we could lose all or part of our investment. Our non-marketable equity
securities had a carrying amount of$4.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($4.6 billion as of December 30, 2023).

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Commodity Price Risk

Although we operate facilities that consume commodities, we are not directly affected by commodity price risk to a material degree. We have established forecasted transaction
risk management programs to protect against fluctuations in commodity prices. We may use commodity derivatives contracts, such as commodity swaps, in these hedging
programs. In addition, we have sourcing plans in place that are designed to mitigate the risk of a potential supplier concentration for our key commodities.

Cybersecurity

We face significant and persistent cybersecurity risks due to: the breadth of geographies, networks, and systems we must defend against cybersecurity attacks; the complexity,
technical sophistication, value, and widespread use of our systems, products and processes; the attractiveness of our systems, products, and processes to threat actors
(including state-sponsored organizations) seeking to inflict harm on us or our customers; the substantial level of harm that could occur to us and our customers were we to suffer
impacts of a material cybersecurity incident; and our use of third-party products, services, and components. We are committed to maintaining robust governance and oversight of
cybersecurity risks and to implementing mechanisms, controls, technologies, and processes designed to help us assess, identify, and manage these risks. See "Risk Factors" for
more information on our cybersecurity risks and product vulnerability risks. While we have not, as of the date of this Form 10-K, experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident
that resulted in a material adverse impact to our business or operations, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience such an incident in the future. We have seen an
increase in cyberattack volume, frequency, and sophistication. Our cybersecurity program and governance approach are designed to protect our network and information
systems, and we have policies, procedures, processes, and controls in place to identify, manage, and respond to risks from cybersecurity threats. We seek to detect and
investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their occurrence and recurrence where practicable through changes or
updates to our internal processes and tools and changes or updates to our products and services; however, we remain potentially vulnerable to known or unknown threats. In
some instances, we, our suppliers, our customers, and the users of our products and services can be unaware of a threat or incident or its magnitude and effects. Further, there
is increasing regulation regarding responses to cybersecurity incidents, including reporting to regulators, which could subject us to additional liability and reputational harm.

We aim to incorporate industry best practices throughout our cybersecurity program. Our cybersecurity program includes written policies, standards, and procedures for
information security, product security, and data privacy; is designed to be aligned with applicable industry standards; and is assessed annually by independent third-party
auditors. Our cybersecurity strategy focuses on implementing effective and efficient controls, technologies, and other processes to assess, identify, manage, and address
material cybersecurity threats, risks, and incidents. These include, among other things: annual and ongoing security awareness training for employees; mechanisms to detect
and monitor unusual network activity; and containment and incident response tools. We actively engage with industry groups for benchmarking and awareness of best practices.
We monitor issues that are internally discovered or externally reported and have processes to assess those issues for potential cybersecurity impact or risk. We also have a
process in place to manage cybersecurity risks associated with third-party service providers. We impose security requirements upon our suppliers, including: maintaining an
effective security management program; abiding by information handling and asset management requirements; and notifying us in the event of any known or suspected cyber
incident.

Our Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of cybersecurity risk, which it manages as part of our enterprise risk management program. That program is utilized in making
decisions with respect to company priorities, resource allocations, and oversight structures. The Board of Directors is assisted by the Audit & Finance Committee, which regularly
reviews our cybersecurity program with management and reports to the Board of Directors. Cybersecurity reviews by the Audit & Finance Committee or the Board of Directors
generally occur at least twice annually, or more frequently as determined to be necessary or advisable. A number of Intel directors have experience in assessing and managing
cybersecurity risk.

Our cybersecurity program is run by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), who reports to our Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (CTO). Our CISO is
informed about and monitors prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts through regular communication and reporting from professionals in the information security
team—many of whom hold cybersecurity certifications such as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional or Certified Information Security Manager—and through the
use of technological tools and software and results from third-party audits. Our CISO and CTO have extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs and
cybersecurity risk. Our CISO has served in that position since 2015 and, before Intel, was the Chief Security Officer at McAfee and the Chief Information Officer and CISO for the
US House of Representatives. Our CTO joined Intel in 2021 and was previously Senior Vice President and CTO at VMware, with responsibility for product security. Our CISO
and CTO regularly report directly to the Audit & Finance Committee or the Board of Directors on our cybersecurity program and efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate
issues. In addition, we have an escalation process in place to inform senior management and the Board of Directors of material issues.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information


Properties

As of December 28, 2024, our major facilities consisted of:

(Square Feet in Millions)
Owned facilities
Leased facilities

Total facilities

United
States

Other
Countries

Total




The facilities described above, including our principal executive offices located in the US, are suitable for our present purposes. The productive capacity in our facilities is being
utilized or being prepared for utilization in support of our strategy. For more information on our manufacturing sites, see "Manufacturing Capital" within Fundamentals of Our
Business.

We do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment; however, the majority of our facilities footprint supports manufacturing capabilities used by our Intel Foundry
operating segment. For information on property, plant, and equipment, net by country, see "Note 6: Other Financial Statement Details" within Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Market for Our Common Stock

The principal US market on which Intel's common stock (symbol INTC) is traded is the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

As of January 24, 2025, there were approximately 92,000 registered holders of record of Intel's common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of Intel common stock
are "street name" or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information


Stock Performance Graph

The graph and table that follow compare the cumulative TSR of Intel's common stock with the cumulative total return of the S&P 100 Index, the S&P 500 Index, the S&P 500 IT
Index, and the SOX Index for the five years ended December 28, 2024. The cumulative returns shown on the graph are based on Intel's fiscal year.


Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Return for
Intel, S&P 100 Index, S&P 500 Index, S&P 500 IT Index, and SOX Index

Years Ended
Intel Corporation
S&P 100 Index
S&P 500 Index
S&P 500 IT Index
SOX Index

Dec 28, 2019

Dec 26, 2020

Dec 25, 2021

Dec 31, 2022

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 28, 2024$$$$$100$100$100$100$100$80$119$116$142$150$90$156$151$192$218$48$124$124$139$142$123$165$157$219$238$The graph and table assume that$100 was invested on the last day of trading for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2019 in Intel's common stock, the S&P 100 Index, S&P 500 Index, S&P 500 IT
Index, and PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index (SOX), and that all dividends were reinvested.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We have an ongoing authorization, originally approved by our Board of Directors in 2005 and subsequently amended on October 24, 2019, to repurchase shares of our common
stock in open market or negotiated transactions. Our last share repurchase under this authorization occurred in Q1 2021, and no shares were repurchased during the fiscal year
ending December 28, 2024. As of December 28, 2024, we were authorized to repurchase up to$110.0 billion, of which$7.2 billion remained available.

We issue RSUs as part of our equity incentive plans. In our Consolidated Financial Statements, we treat shares of common stock withheld for tax purposes on behalf of our
employees in connection with the vesting of RSUs as common stock repurchases because they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting. These
withheld shares of common stock are not considered common stock repurchases under our authorized common stock repurchase program.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements

Our directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares
that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5–1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the
quarter ended December 28, 2024, no such plans or arrangements were adopted or terminated, including by modification.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Information About Our Executive Officers

Name
Current Title

Age

Experience

Michelle Johnston Holthaus
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Executive Officer of Intel
Products


Ms. Johnston Holthaus has been Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer of Intel and Chief Executive Officer of Intel Products since
December 2024. As CEO of Intel Products, she is responsible for a group that encompasses the company’s Client Computing
Group (CCG), Data Center and AI Group and Network and Edge Group. From April 2022 to December 2024, in her prior role as
Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Client Computing Group, she was responsible for running and growing the
client business, including strategy, financial performance, and product development for the full portfolio of client technologies and
platforms designed to enable exceptional personal computing experiences across mobile, desktop, and workstation devices.
Additionally, Ms. Johnston Holthaus previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer and General Manager,
Sales, Marketing and Communications Group, from September 2019 to January 2022, and as Senior Vice President of Sales and
Marketing and Acting Chief Marketing Officer from September 2017 to September 2019. In these roles, she was responsible for
global sales and revenue and leading the company's efforts to foster innovative sales and marketing approaches that broaden
Intel's business opportunities and enhance customer relationships worldwide. Ms. Johnston Holthaus joined Intel in 1996 and has
served in a variety of sales and marketing, channel mobile, and channel desktop positions.

Justin Hotard


Executive Vice President and
General Manager, Data Center
and AI Group

Mr. Hotard has been Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Data Center and AI Group (DCAI) since February
2024. In this capacity, he directs the strategic vision and operational management of Intel's data center portfolio, while also
playing a crucial role in the company's focus on AI systems. Prior to joining Intel in February 2024, Mr. Hotard served as Executive
Vice President and General Manager of High-Performance Computing, AI, and Labs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) from
March 2021 through January 2024. In this role, he led the organization that provided AI capabilities to HPE's customers and
oversaw the team that delivered the world's first exascale supercomputer, Frontier. He also directed Hewlett Packard Labs, the
company's central applied research group. Prior to that, he served in various senior leadership roles at HPE since 2015, including
Senior Vice President, Corporate Transformation from September 2020 through March 2021 and Senior Vice President and
President of HPE Japan from October 2019 through September 2020. Before his tenure at HPE, Mr. Hotard served in executive
roles at NCR and held operating positions at Symbol Technologies and Motorola.

April Miller Boise
Executive Vice President and
Chief Legal Officer

Christoph Schell
Executive Vice President, Chief
Commercial Officer and General
Manager, Sales, Marketing and
Communications Group



Ms. Miller Boise has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since July 2022 and Corporate Secretary since
August 2022. Ms. Miller Boise leads Intel's global legal, trade, and government affairs team, is a member of Intel's Executive
Leadership Team, and is a strategic advisor to the company and the Board of Directors. Prior to joining Intel, she was Executive
Vice President and Chief Legal Officer at Eaton Corp., a power management company. Before joining Eaton in 2020, she was
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Corporate Secretary at Meritor Inc., a manufacturer of powertrain solutions for
commercial vehicles, later acquired by Cummins Inc. Ms. Miller Boise has more than 30 years of experience and has served in
executive leadership roles, including chief legal officer, general counsel, and head of global mergers and acquisitions.

Mr. Schell has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and General Manager of the Sales, Marketing
and Communications Group since March 2022. In his role, he oversees Intel's global sales, business management, marketing,
communications, corporate planning, customer support, and customer success teams, leading the company's efforts to foster
innovative go-to-market approaches that broaden Intel's business opportunities and deepen customer and partner relationships
and outcomes worldwide. Prior to joining Intel, Mr. Schell served as the Chief Commercial Officer of HP Inc., an American
multinational information technology company, from November 2019 to March 2022. During his 25 years with HP, Mr. Schell held
various senior management roles across the globe, including President of 3D Printing and Digital Manufacturing from November
2018 to October 2019 and President of the Americas region from November 2015 to November 2018. Prior to rejoining HP in
2014, Mr. Schell served as Executive Vice President of Growth Markets for Philips, a lighting solutions company, where he led the
lighting business across Asia Pacific, Japan, Africa, Russia, India, Central Asia, and the Middle East. He started his career in his
family's distribution and industrial solutions company before working in brand management at Procter & Gamble. Mr. Schell is a
member of the Board of Directors of Mobileye Global, Inc.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information

Frank D. Yeary


Interim Executive Chair of the
Board

Mr. Yeary has been Interim Executive Chair of Intel's Board of Directors since December 2024. He joined the Board in March 2009
and was named Chair of the Board in January 2023. He is Managing Member at Darwin Capital Advisors LLC, a private
investment firm, and was Executive Chairman of CamberView Partners LLC, a corporate advisory firm, until 2018. Prior to this
time, Mr. Yeary was Vice Chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley, and before that he spent 25 years in the finance
industry, including as Global Head of Mergers and Acquisitions and as a Member of the Management Committee at Citigroup
Investment Banking. Mr. Yeary also serves on the Board of Directors of PayPal Holdings and Intel's subsidiary Mobileye Global
Inc., an autonomous driving technology company.

David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer,
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer


Mr. Zinsner has been Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer of Intel since December 2024. He has also been our Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2022, overseeing our global finance organization. He joined Intel from Micron
Technology, Inc., a manufacturer of memory and storage products, where he most recently served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer from February 2018 to October 2021. From April 2017 to February 2018, he served as President and
Chief Operating Officer of Affirmed Networks, Inc. From January 2009 to April 2017, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Analog
Devices, Inc. From July 2005 to January 2009, Mr. Zinsner served as Chief Financial Officer of Intersil Corporation.

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act requires an issuer to disclose certain information in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities,
transactions, or dealings with individuals or entities subject to specific US economic sanctions during the reporting period, even when the activities, transactions, or dealings are
conducted in compliance with applicable law. On March 2, 2021, the US Secretary of State designated the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB) as a party
subject to one such sanction. Though Intel has suspended sales in Russia, there may be a need to file documents or engage with FSB as Intel winds up our local Russian
offices. All such dealings are explicitly authorized by General License 1B issued by the US Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and there are
no gross revenues or net profits directly associated with any such dealings by us with the FSB.

On April 15, 2021, the US Department of the Treasury designated Pozitiv Teknolodzhiz, AO (Positive Technologies), a Russian IT security firm, as a party subject to one of the
sanctions specified in Section 13(r). Prior to the designation, we communicated with Positive Technologies regarding its IT security research and coordinated disclosure of
security vulnerabilities identified by the firm. Based on a license issued by OFAC, we resumed such communications. There are no gross revenues or net profits directly
associated with any such activities. We plan to continue these communications in accordance with the terms and conditions of the OFAC license.

Risk Factors and Other Key Information


Financial Statements and Supplemental Details

We have defined certain terms and abbreviations used throughout our Form 10-K in "Key Terms" within this section.

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Statements of Operations
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(PCAOB ID: 42)

Basis
Note 1: Basis of Presentation
Note 2: Accounting Policies
Performance and Operations
Note 3: Operating Segments
Note 4: Non-Controlling Interests
Note 5: Earnings (Loss) Per Share
Note 6: Other Financial Statement Details
Note 7: Restructuring and Other Charges
Note 8: Income Taxes
Investments, Long-Term Assets, and Debt
Note 9: Investments
Note 10: Acquisitions and Divestitures
Note 11: Goodwill
Note 12: Identified Intangible Assets
Note 13: Borrowings
Note 14: Fair Value

Risk Management and Other

Note 15: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Note 16: Derivative Financial Instruments
Note 17: Retirement Benefit Plans
Note 18: Employee Equity Incentive Plans
Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies

Key Terms

Index to Supplemental Details
Controls and Procedures
Exhibits
Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Intel Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Intel Corporation (the Company) as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 28, 2024, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 28, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated January 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Auditor's Reports

Description of the
Matter

Inventory Valuation

The Company's net inventory totaled$12.2 billion as of December 28, 2024, representing 6.2%of total
assets. As explained in "Note 2: Accounting Policies" within the consolidated financial statements, the
Company computes inventory cost on a first-in, first-out basis, and applies judgment in determining saleability
of products and the valuation of inventories. The Company assesses inventory at each reporting date in order
to assert that it is recorded at net realizable value, giving consideration to, among other factors: whether the
products have achieved the substantive engineering milestones to qualify for sale to customers; the
determination of normal capacity levels in its manufacturing process to determine which manufacturing
overhead costs can be included in the valuation of inventory; whether the product is valued at the lower of
cost or net realizable value; and the estimation of excess and obsolete inventory or that which is not of
saleable quality.

Auditing management's assessment of net realizable value for inventory was challenging because the
determination of excess and obsolete inventory reserves and lower of cost or net realizable value is
judgmental and considers a number of factors that are affected by market and economic conditions, such as
customer forecasts, dynamic pricing environments, and industry supply and demand. Additionally, for certain
new product launches there is limited historical data with which to evaluate forecasts.

How We Addressed
the Matter in Our Audit

We evaluated the design and tested operating effectiveness of the Company's internal controls over the
costing of inventory, the determination of whether inventory is of saleable quality, the determination of
demand forecasts and related application against on hand inventory, and the calculation of lower of cost or
net realizable value reserves including related estimated costs and selling prices.

Description of the
Matter

Our audit procedures included, among others, testing the significant assumptions (e.g., estimated product
demand forecasts, costs and selling prices) of the underlying data used in management's inventory valuation
assessment. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and
economic trends. We assessed whether there were any potential sources of contrary information, including
historical forecast accuracy or history of significant revisions to previously recorded inventory valuation
adjustments, and performed sensitivity analyses over significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in
inventory valuation that would result from changes in the assumptions.

Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Mobileye Reporting Unit

At December 28, 2024, the balance of the Company’s goodwill was$24.7 billion. The goodwill attributed to
the Mobileye reporting unit was$8.3 billion and represented 4.2%of total assets. As discussed in “Note 2:
Accounting Policies” within the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is assessed at the reporting unit
level in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. The
assessment may include both qualitative and quantitative evaluations. If it is determined, based on the
qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the unit is less than its carrying
amount, a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. As discussed in “Note 11: Goodwill” to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company identified certain impairment indicators in the three months
ended September 28, 2024 that required an interim goodwill impairment test. As a result of this assessment,
the Company recorded an impairment loss of$2.6 billion related to the Mobileye reporting unit.

Auditing the Company’s Mobileye goodwill impairment evaluation was complex and judgmental due to the
significant estimation required in determining the fair value using the income approach. Determining fair value
involved assumptions with forward-looking elements that can be affected by future economic and market
conditions. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue
terminal growth rate and the weighted average cost of capital.

How We Addressed
the Matter in Our Audit

We evaluated the design and tested operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls over the
Mobileye reporting unit goodwill impairment review process, including controls over management’s review of
the valuation model and the significant assumptions mentioned above.

Our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the suitability and application of the valuation
methodology and evaluating the significant assumptions (e.g., revenue terminal growth rate and the weighted
average cost of capital) and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the
significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, market information,
and other relevant factors. We performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to determine what
changes in assumptions are particularly sensitive when assessing the likelihood of impairment, or when
calculating the amount of the impairment. We assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates.
In addition, we involved a valuation specialist to assist in the evaluation of the methodology used by the
Company and certain significant assumptions.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1968.
San Jose, California
January 31, 2025

Auditor's Reports

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Intel Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Intel Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Intel Corporation (the Company)
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidated financial
statements of the Company and our report dated January 31, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

San Jose, California
January 31, 2025

Auditor's Reports


Consolidated Statements of Operations

Years Ended (In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
Net revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin
Research and development
Marketing, general, and administrative
Restructuring and other charges
Operating expenses
Operating income (loss)
Gains (losses) on equity investments, net
Interest and other, net
Income (loss) before taxes
Provision for (benefit from) taxes
Net income (loss)
Less: net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

Net income (loss) attributable to Intel

Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Intel—basic
Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Intel—diluted
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

See accompanying notes.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Operations

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$$$53,101$35,756 
17,345 
16,546 
5,507 
6,970 
29,023 
(11,678)
(11,210)
8,023 
(19,233)
(477)
(18,756)$(4.38)$(4.38)$4,280 

4,280 

54,228$32,517 
21,711 
16,046 
5,634 
(62)
21,618 
(913)
1,675 
(14)
1,689$0.40$0.40$4,190 

4,212 

63,054 
36,188 
26,866 
17,528 
7,002 
24,532 
2,334 
4,268 
1,166 
7,768 
(249)
8,017 
8,014 

1.95 
1.94 

4,108 

4,123 


 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Years Ended (In Millions)
Net income (loss)
Changes in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Net unrealized holding gains (losses) on derivatives
Actuarial valuation and other pension benefits (expenses), net
Translation adjustments and other
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Total comprehensive income (loss)
Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Intel

See accompanying notes.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$(19,233)$1,675$(555)
(1)
(496)
(19,729)
(477)
(19,252)$$2,022 
(14)
2,036$8,017 

(510)
(27)
8,335 
8,332 


 
Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In Millions, Except Par Value)
Assets
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term investments
Accounts receivable, net
Inventories
Other current assets
Total current assets

Property, plant, and equipment, net
Equity investments
Goodwill
Identified intangible assets, net
Other long-term assets

Total assets

Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Current liabilities:

Accounts payable
Accrued compensation and benefits
Short-term debt
Income taxes payable
Other accrued liabilities

Total current liabilities

Debt
Other long-term liabilities
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19)
Stockholders' equity:

Preferred stock,$0.001 par value, 50 shares authorized; none issued
Common stock,$0.001 par value, 10,000 shares authorized; 4,330 shares issued and outstanding (4,228 issued and outstanding
in 2023) and capital in excess of par value
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
Retained earnings

Total Intel stockholders' equity
Non-controlling interests
Total stockholders' equity

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity

See accompanying notes.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$8,249$13,813 
3,478 
12,198 
9,586 
47,324 

107,919 
5,383 
24,693 
3,691 
7,475 
196,485$12,556$3,343 
3,729 
1,756 
14,282 
35,666 

46,282 
9,505 

— 

50,949 
(711)
49,032 
99,270 
5,762 
105,032 
196,485$$$$7,079 
17,955 
3,402 
11,127 
3,706 
43,269 

96,647 
5,829 
27,591 
4,589 
13,647 
191,572 

8,578 
3,655 
2,288 
1,107 
12,425 
28,053 

46,978 
6,576 

— 

36,649 
(215)
69,156 
105,590 
4,375 
109,965 
191,572 


 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years Ended (In Millions)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
Cash flows provided by (used for) operating activities:

Net income (loss)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation
Share-based compensation
Restructuring and other charges
Amortization of intangibles
(Gains) losses on equity investments, net
(Gains) losses on divestitures
Deferred taxes
Impairments and net (gain) loss on retirement of property, plant, and equipment
Changes in assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable
Inventories
Accounts payable
Accrued compensation and benefits
Income taxes
Other assets and liabilities

Total adjustments

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities
Cash flows provided by (used for) investing activities:

Additions to property, plant, and equipment
Proceeds from capital-related government incentives
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
Purchases of short-term investments
Maturities and sales of short-term investments
Sales of equity investments
Proceeds from divestitures
Other investing

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities
Cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities:
Issuance of commercial paper, net of issuance costs
Repayment of commercial paper
Partner contributions
Proceeds from sales of subsidiary shares
Additions to property, plant, and equipment
Issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs
Repayment of debt
Proceeds from sales of common stock through employee equity incentive plans
Restricted stock unit withholdings
Payment of dividends to stockholders
Other financing

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
Non-cash supplemental disclosures:

Acquisition of property, plant, and equipment

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest, net of capitalized interest
Income taxes, net of refunds

See accompanying notes.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$7,079$11,144$(19,233)

9,951 
3,410 
3,491 
1,428 
(246)
— 
6,132 
2,252 

(75)
(1,105)
(218)
(356)
2,223 
27,521 
8,288 

(23,944)
1,936 
(82)
(37,940)
41,463 
1,047 
— 
(736)
(18,256)

7,349 
(7,349)
12,714 
— 
(1,178)
2,975 
(2,288)
(631)
(1,599)
11,138 
1,170 
8,249$1,675 

7,847 
3,229 
(424)
1,755 
(42)
— 
(2,033)

2,097 
(801)
(614)
(1,498)
(484)
9,796 
11,471 

(25,750)
1,011 
(13)
(44,414)
44,077 
— 
(24,041)

— 
(3,944)
1,511 
2,959 
— 
11,391 
(423)
1,042 
(534)
(3,088)
(409)
8,505 
(4,065)
7,079$8,125$4,804$987$2,202$613$2,621$$$$$4,827 

8,017 

11,128 
3,128 
1,074 
1,907 
(4,254)
(1,059)
(5,148)

5,327 
(2,436)
(29)
(1,533)
(1,603)
7,416 
15,433 

(24,844)
(681)
(43,647)
48,730 
4,961 
6,579 
(1,575)
(10,231)

3,945 
— 
1,032 
— 
6,548 
(4,984)
(486)
(5,997)
(794)
1,115 
6,317 
11,144 

5,431 

4,282 


 
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

(In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)
Balance as of December 25, 2021
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Proceeds from sales of subsidiary shares
and partner contributions
Employee equity incentive plans and other
Share-based compensation
Restricted stock unit withholdings
Cash dividends declared ($1.46 per share of common
stock)
Balance as of December 31, 2022
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Proceeds from sales of subsidiary shares
and partner contributions
Employee equity incentive plans and other
Share-based compensation
Restricted stock unit withholdings
Cash dividends declared ($0.74 per share of common
stock)
Balance as of December 30, 2023
Net income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Net proceeds from partner contributions
Partner distributions
Employee equity incentive plans and other
Share-based compensation
Restricted stock unit withholdings
Cash dividends declared ($0.38 per share of common
stock)

Balance as of December 28, 2024

See accompanying notes.

Common Stock and Capital
in Excess of Par Value

Number of
Shares

Amount

Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

Retained
Earnings

NonControlling
Interests

4,070$— 
— 

28,006$—
—

(880)$—

68,265$8,014 
—

—
—
(12)

—
4,137$—
—

—
—
(16)

—
4,228$— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(21)

— 
4,330$1,009 
3,099 
(609)

—
31,580$—
—

1,620 
1,044 
3,088 
(683)

—
36,649$— 
— 
11,012 
— 
3,162 
(862)

— 
50,949$—$— 

1,831 
— 
— 

Total

95,391 
8,017 

1,906 
1,009 
3,128 
(486)

—
 —
—
 —

—
—
—

 —
(562)$—

(5,997)
70,405$1,689 
—

— 
1,863$(14)
— 

(5,997)
103,286 
1,675 

—
 —
 —
 —

 —
(215)$— 
(496)
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

— 
(711)$—
—
—

(3,088)
69,156$(18,756)
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 

(1,599)
49,032$2,385 
— 
— 

— 
4,375$(477)
— 
1,702 
(43)
— 
— 

4,005 
1,044 
3,229 
(533)

(3,088)
109,965 
(19,233)
(496)
12,714 
(43)
3,367 
(631)

— 
5,762$(1,599)
105,032 

Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 :

Basis of Presentation

We have a 52- or 53-week fiscal year that ends on the last Saturday in December. Fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were 52-week fiscal years; 2022 was a 53-week fiscal year. Fiscal
2025 is a 52-week fiscal year. Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Intel and our wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, which include entities
consolidated under the variable interest and voting interest models. We have eliminated intercompany accounts and transactions.

We made certain reclassifications within our Consolidated Financial Statements during 2024, and, in certain cases, adjusted prior periods to conform to the current period
presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on previously reported net income (loss), cash flows, or stockholders' equity.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in our
Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. The actual results that we experience may differ materially from our estimates.

Effective January 2023, we increased the estimated useful life of certain production machinery and equipment from 5 to 8 years. When compared to the estimated useful life in
place as of the end of 2022, we estimated this change increased gross margin in 2023 by approximately$2.5 billion and decreased R&D expense by approximately$400 million.
As of December 30, 2023, we estimated this change decreased ending inventory values by approximately$1.3 billion. These estimates were based on the assets in use and
under construction as of the beginning of 2023 and were calculated at that point in time.

Note 2 :

Accounting Policies

Revenue Recognition

We recognize net product revenue when we satisfy performance obligations as evidenced by the transfer of control of our products or services to customers. Substantially all of
our revenue is derived from product sales. Our products often include a software component, such as firmware, that is highly interdependent and interrelated with the product
and is substantially accounted for as a combined performance obligation. In accordance with contract terms, the revenue for combined performance obligations and standalone
product sales is recognized at the time of product shipment from our facilities or delivery to the customer location, as determined by the agreed-upon shipping terms.

We measure revenue based on the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for products or services. Variable consideration is estimated and reflected as
an adjustment to the transaction price. We determine variable consideration, which consists primarily of various sales price concessions, by estimating the most likely amount of
consideration we expect to receive from the customer based on historical analysis of customer purchase volumes. Sales rebates earned by customers are offset against their
receivable balances. Rebates earned by customers when they do not have outstanding receivable balances are recorded within other accrued liabilities.

We make payments to our customers through cooperative advertising programs for marketing activities for some of our products. We generally record the payment as a
reduction in revenue in the period that the revenue is earned, unless the payment is for a distinct service, which we record as an expense when the marketing activities occur.

Long-Lived Assets

Property, Plant, and Equipment

We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of assets. We also capitalize interest on borrowings related to eligible capital expenditures.
Capitalized interest is added to the cost of qualified assets and depreciated over the estimated useful life.

At least annually, we evaluate the period over which we expect to recover the economic value of our property, plant, and equipment, considering factors such as the process
technology cadence between node transitions, changes in machinery and equipment technology, and re-use of machinery and tools across each generation of process
technology. As we make manufacturing process conversions and other factory planning decisions, we use assumptions involving the use of management judgments regarding
the remaining useful lives of assets, primarily process-specific semiconductor manufacturing tools and building improvements. When we determine that the useful lives of assets
are shorter or longer than we had originally estimated, we adjust the rate of depreciation to reflect the assets' revised useful lives. Effective January 2023, the estimated useful
lives of certain machinery and equipment in our wafer fabrication facilities were increased from 5 to 8 years. This change in estimate was applied prospectively beginning in the
first quarter of 2023.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Assets are categorized and evaluated for impairment at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. Factors that we consider in deciding when to perform an impairment review
include significant under-performance of a business or product line in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or
planned changes in our use and fungibility of the assets. If the carrying value of an asset grouping is not recoverable through the related undiscounted cash flows, the asset
grouping is considered to be impaired.

Identified Intangible Assets

We amortize acquisition-related intangible assets that are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives. We perform periodic reviews of significant finite-lived identified
intangible assets to determine whether facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. These reviews can be affected by various factors,
including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our forecasts for specific product lines.
Periodically, we also evaluate the estimated remaining useful lives of purchased intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the
remaining periods of amortization. We may adjust the period over which these assets are amortized to reflect the period over which they are expected to contribute to our cash
flows.

Goodwill

Our reporting units substantially align with our operating segments. We reevaluate our identified reporting units annually or when triggered, such as upon reorganization of our
operating segments. We perform an annual impairment assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of
potential impairment exist. The reporting unit's carrying value used in an impairment assessment represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain
corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash, investments, and debt. The impairment assessment may include both qualitative and quantitative factors to assess the likelihood of
an impairment.

Qualitative factors used include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. We may also
perform a quantitative analysis to support the qualitative factors by applying sensitivities to assumptions and inputs used in measuring a reporting unit's fair value.

Our quantitative impairment assessment considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. Significant estimates include
market segment growth rates, our assumed market segment share, estimated gross margins, operating expenses, and discount rates based on a reporting unit's weighted
average cost of capital. We test the reasonableness of the inputs and outcomes of our discounted cash flow analysis against available market data. These estimates change
from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors and could materially affect the determination of the fair value and potential goodwill impairment
for each reporting unit. Our quantitative assessment is sensitive to changes in underlying estimates and assumptions, the most sensitive of which is the discount rate.

Inventories

We compute inventory cost on a first-in, first-out basis. Our process and product development life cycle corresponds with substantive engineering milestones. These engineering
milestones are regularly and consistently applied in assessing the point at which our activities and associated costs change in nature from R&D to cost of sales, and when cost of
sales can be capitalized as inventory.

For a product to be manufactured in high volumes and sold to our customers under our standard warranty, it must meet our rigorous technical quality specifications. We have
identified the start of manufacturing volume for sale to customers as the point at which the costs incurred to manufacture our products are included in the valuation of inventory.
Prior to the start of manufacturing volume for sale to customers, costs that do not meet the criteria for R&D are included in cost of sales in the period incurred.

The valuation of inventory includes determining which fixed production overhead costs can be included in inventory based on the normal capacity of our manufacturing and
assembly and test facilities. We apply our historical loading compared to our total available capacity to determine our expectations of normal capacity level. If the factory loading
is below the established normal capacity level, a portion of our fixed production overhead costs would not be included in the cost of inventory; instead, it would be recognized as
cost of sales in that period. We refer to these costs as excess capacity charges. Excess capacity charges were$174 million in 2024,$834 million in 2023, and$423 million in
2022.

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Product-specific facts and circumstances
reviewed in the inventory valuation process include a review of our customer base, the stage of the product life cycle, variations in market pricing, and an assessment of selling
price in relation to product cost. Lower of cost or net realizable value inventory reserves fluctuate as we ramp new process technologies, with costs generally improving over time
due to scale and improved yields. Additionally, inventory valuation is impacted by cyclical changes in market conditions and the associated pricing environment.

The valuation of inventory also requires us to estimate obsolete and excess inventory, as well as inventory that is not of saleable quality. We use a demand forecast to develop
our short-term manufacturing plans to enable consistency between inventory valuations and build decisions. For certain new products, we have limited historical data when
developing these demand forecasts. We compare the estimate of future demand to work-in-process and finished goods inventory levels to determine the amount, if any, of
obsolete or excess inventory. When our demand forecast for specific products is greater than actual demand and we fail to reduce manufacturing output accordingly, we write off
amounts considered to be excess inventory.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Government Incentives

Government incentives, including cash grants and refundable tax credits, are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the incentive will be received and we will
comply with the conditions specified in the agreement or statutory requirements. We record capital-related incentives as a reduction to property, plant, and equipment, net within
our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognize a reduction to depreciation expense over the useful life of the corresponding acquired asset. We record operating-related
incentives as a reduction to expense in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the expenditure for which the incentive is intended to compensate.

Fair Value

When determining fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact, as well as assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing the asset or liability. Our financial assets are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, except for equity securities measured using the
measurement alternative, equity method investments, certain other receivables, and grants receivable. We assess fair value hierarchy levels for our issued debt and fixedincome investment portfolio based on the underlying instrument type.

The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are:

▪

▪

▪

Level 1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. We evaluate security-specific market data when determining whether a market is active.

Level 2. Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in less active markets, or model-derived valuations.
All significant inputs used in our valuations, such as discounted cash flows, are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. We use yield curves, overnight indexed swap curves, currency spot and forward rates, and credit ratings as significant
inputs in our valuations. Level 2 inputs also include non-binding market consensus prices, as well as quoted prices that were adjusted for security-specific restrictions. When
we use non-binding market consensus prices, we corroborate them with quoted market prices for similar instruments or compare them to output from internally developed
pricing models such as discounted cash flow models.

Level 3. Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of assets or liabilities. We monitor and review the inputs
and results of these valuation models to help confirm that the fair value measurements are reasonable and consistent with market experience in similar asset and liability
classes. Level 3 inputs also include non-binding market consensus prices, non-binding broker quotes, and probability-weighted outcomes that we are unable to corroborate
with observable market data.

Equity Investments

We regularly invest in equity securities of public and private companies to promote business and strategic objectives. Equity investments are measured and recorded as follows:

▪ Marketable equity investments are equity securities with RDFV that are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis with changes in fair value, whether

realized or unrealized, recorded through the income statement.

▪

▪

Non-marketable equity investments are equity securities without RDFV that are measured and recorded using a measurement alternative that measures the securities
at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes.
Equity method investments are equity securities in investees we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence. Equity method
investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss.

Realized and unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value or the sale of our equity investments are recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments, net. The
carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted for qualifying observable price changes resulting from the issuance of similar or identical securities in an
orderly transaction by the same issuer. Determining whether an observed transaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and
preferences of the securities.

Non-marketable equity investments and equity method investments (collectively referred to as non-marketable equity investments) are also subject to periodic impairment
reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors. When indicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative assessments of the
fair value of our non-marketable equity investments using both the market and income approaches.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

▪

▪

Non-marketable equity investments are tested for impairment using a qualitative model similar to the model used for goodwill and property, plant, and equipment. Upon
determining that an impairment may exist, the security's fair value is calculated and compared to its carrying value, and an impairment is recognized immediately if the
carrying value exceeds the fair value.

Equity method investments are subject to periodic impairment reviews using the other-than-temporary impairment model, which considers the severity and duration of a
decline in fair value below cost and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery.

Impairments of non-marketable equity investments are recorded in gains (losses) on equity investments, net.

Derivative Financial Instruments

Our primary objective for holding derivative financial instruments is to manage currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk, and, to a lesser extent, equity market risk,
commodity price risk, and credit risk. We enter into master netting arrangements to mitigate credit risk in derivative transactions by permitting net settlement of transactions with
the same counterparty. We also enter into collateral security arrangements with certain of our counterparties to exchange cash collateral when the net fair value of certain
derivative instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. For presentation on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, we do not offset fair value amounts recognized
for derivative instruments under master netting arrangements. Our derivative financial instruments, including related collateral amounts, are presented at fair value on a gross
basis and are included in other current assets, other long-term assets, other accrued liabilities, or other long-term liabilities.

Cash flow hedges use foreign currency contracts, such as currency forwards and currency swaps, to hedge exposures for variability in the US-dollar equivalent of non-US-dollardenominated cash flows associated with our forecasted operating and capital purchases spending.

The after-tax gains or losses from the effective portion of a cash flow hedge are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified
into earnings in the same period or periods in which the hedged transaction affects earnings, and in the same line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the
impact of the hedge transaction. For foreign currency contracts hedging our capital purchases, forward points are excluded from the hedge effectiveness assessment, and are
recognized in earnings in the same income statement line item used to present the earnings effect of the hedged item. If the cash flow hedge transactions become improbable,
the corresponding amounts deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be immediately reclassified to interest and other, net. Cash flows associated with
these derivatives are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same section as the underlying item.

Fair value hedges use interest rate contracts, such as interest rate swaps, to hedge against changes in the fair value on certain of our fixed-rate indebtedness attributable to
changes in the benchmark interest rate. The gains or losses on these hedges, as well as the offsetting losses or gains related to the changes in the fair value of the underlying
hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in earnings in the current period, primarily in interest and other, net. Cash flows associated with these derivatives are
classified in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the same section as the underlying item, primarily within net cash provided by (used for) financing activities.

Non-designated hedges use foreign currency contracts to economically hedge the functional currency equivalent cash flows of recognized monetary assets and liabilities, and
non-US-dollar-denominated debt instruments classified as hedged investments. We also use interest rate contracts to hedge interest rate risk related to our US-dollardenominated fixed-rate debt investments classified as hedged investments. The change in fair value of non-designated derivatives is recorded through earnings in the line item
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations to which the derivatives most closely relate, primarily in interest and other, net. Changes in the fair value of the underlying assets
and liabilities associated with the hedged risk are generally offset by the changes in the fair value of the related derivatives.

Debt Investments

Debt investments include investments in corporate debt, government debt, and financial institution instruments. Unhedged debt investments with original maturities of
approximately three months or less from the date of purchase are classified within cash and cash equivalents. Unhedged debt investments with original maturities at the date of
purchase greater than approximately three months and all economically hedged debt investments are classified as short-term investments, as they represent the investment of
cash available for current operations.

For certain of our marketable debt investments, we economically hedge market risks at inception with a related derivative instrument, or the marketable debt investment itself is
used to economically hedge currency exchange rate risk from remeasurement. These hedged investments are reported at fair value. Gains or losses on these investments
arising from changes in fair value due to interest rate and currency market fluctuations and credit market volatility, largely offset by losses or gains on the related derivative
instruments and balance sheet remeasurement, are recorded in interest and other, net. Our remaining unhedged marketable debt investments are reported at fair value, with
unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). We determine the cost of the investment sold at the individual security level
and record the interest income and realized gains or losses on the sale of these investments in interest and other, net.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Unhedged debt investments are subject to periodic impairment reviews. For investments in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists by considering
information about the collectability of the instrument, current market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. We recognize an allowance
for credit losses, up to the amount of the unrealized loss when appropriate, and write down the amortized cost basis of the investment if it is more likely than not we will be
required or we intend to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in interest and other, net,
and unrealized losses not related to credit losses are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of investments in debt instruments, derivative financial instruments, reverse
repurchase agreements, and trade and other receivables. We generally place investments with high-credit-quality counterparties and, by policy, we limit the amount of credit
exposure to any one counterparty based on our analysis of that counterparty's relative credit standing. As required per our investment policy, substantially all of our investments
in debt instruments are in investment-grade instruments. Credit-rating criteria for derivative instruments are similar to those for other investments.

We enter into master netting arrangements to mitigate credit risk in derivative transactions by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. Due to master
netting arrangements, the amounts subject to credit risk related to derivative instruments are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparty's obligations
exceed our obligations with that counterparty. As of December 28, 2024, our total credit exposure to any single counterparty, excluding money market funds invested in US
treasury and US agency securities and reverse repurchase agreements collateralized by treasury and agency securities, did not exceed$1.4 billion. To further reduce credit risk,
we enter into collateral security arrangements with certain of our derivative counterparties and obtain and secure collateral from counterparties against obligations, including
securities lending transactions when we deem it appropriate. Cash collateral exchanged under our collateral security arrangements is included in other current assets, other longterm assets, other accrued liabilities, or other long-term liabilities. For reverse repurchase agreements collateralized by other securities, we do not record the collateral as an
asset or a liability unless the collateral is repledged.

A substantial majority of our trade receivables are derived from sales to OEMs and ODMs. We also have accounts receivable derived from sales to industrial and
communications equipment manufacturers in the computing and communications industries. We believe the net accounts receivable balances from our three largest customers
(47%as of December 28, 2024) do not represent a significant credit risk, based on cash flow forecasts, balance sheet analysis, and past collection experience.

We have adopted credit policies and standards intended to accommodate industry growth and inherent risk. We believe credit risks are moderated by the financial stability of our
major customers. We assess credit risk through quantitative and qualitative analysis. From this analysis, we establish shipping and credit limits and determine whether we will
seek to use one or more credit support protection devices, such as obtaining a parent guarantee, standby letter of credit, or credit insurance.

Variable Interest Entities

We have economic interests in entities that are VIEs. If we conclude we are the primary beneficiary of the VIE, we are required to consolidate the entity in our financial
statements. To determine if we are the primary beneficiary, we evaluate whether we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic
performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. Our evaluation includes identification of
significant activities and an assessment of our ability to direct those activities based on governance provisions and arrangements to provide services to the VIE. Periodically, we
assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect our determination of whether the entity is a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary.

Non-Controlling Interests

Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of majority-owned subsidiaries consolidated under the variable interest and voting interest models. Non-controlling
interests represent the portion of equity not attributable to Intel and are reported as a separate component of equity, net of tax and transaction costs, on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for majority-owned subsidiaries are attributed to Intel and to non-controlling interest holders on our
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) based on respective ownership percentages. We account for changes in
ownership of our majority-owned subsidiaries as equity transactions when we retain a controlling financial interest.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Business Combinations

We allocate the purchase price paid for assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions based on their estimated fair values at the time of acquisition.
This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments in determining the fair value of the following:

▪

▪

▪

▪

inventory; property, plant, and equipment; pre-existing liabilities or legal claims; and contingent consideration; each as may be applicable;

intangible assets, including the valuation methodology, estimations of future cash flows, discount rates, market segment growth rates, and our assumed market segment
share, as well as the estimated useful life of intangible assets;
deferred tax assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and tax-related valuation allowances, which are initially estimated as of the acquisition date; and

goodwill as measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

Our assumptions and estimates are based upon comparable market data and information obtained from our management and the management of the acquired companies.
These assumptions and estimates are used to value assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and to allocate goodwill to the reporting units of the business that are expected to
benefit from the business combination. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the business acquisition date, we may recognize adjustments to the
assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and related goodwill.

Employee Equity Incentive Plans

We use the straight-line amortization method to recognize share-based compensation expense over the service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures. Upon exercise,
cancellation, forfeiture, or expiration of stock options, or upon vesting or forfeiture of RSUs, we eliminate deferred tax assets for options and RSUs with multiple vesting dates for
each vesting period on a first-in, first-out basis as if each vesting period were a separate award.

For the majority of RSUs granted, the number of shares of common stock issued on the date the RSUs vest is net of the minimum statutory withholding requirements that we pay
in cash to the appropriate taxing authorities on behalf of our employees. The obligation to pay the relevant taxing authority is contingent upon continued employment. In addition,
the amount of the obligation is unknown, as it is based in part on the market price of our common stock when the awards vest.

Income Taxes

We compute the provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We measure
deferred tax assets and liabilities using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or
settled.

We assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation
allowance against the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. Recovery of a portion of our deferred tax assets is affected by management's plans
with respect to holding or disposing of certain investments; therefore, such changes could also affect our future provision for taxes.

We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if (based on the technical merits of the position) it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on
examination by the tax authority. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest amount that is more than 50%likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for (benefit from) taxes on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.

We recognize the tax impact of including certain foreign earnings in US taxable income as a period cost. We have recognized deferred income taxes for local country income and
withholding taxes that could be incurred on distributions of certain non-US earnings or for outside basis differences in our subsidiaries, because we do not plan to indefinitely
reinvest such earnings and basis differences. Remittances of non-US earnings are based on estimates and judgments of projected cash flow needs, as well as the working
capital and investment requirements of our non-US and US operations. Material changes in our estimates of cash, working capital, and investment needs in various jurisdictions
could require repatriation of indefinitely reinvested non-US earnings, which could be subject to applicable non-US income and withholding taxes.

Leases

Leases consist of real property and machinery and equipment. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise
such options. For leases for supplier capacity, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. For all other leases, we account for the lease
and non-lease components separately and do not include the non-lease components in our leased assets and corresponding liabilities. Payments on leases may be fixed or
variable, and variable lease payments are based on output of the underlying leased assets.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Loss Contingencies

We are subject to loss contingencies, including various legal and regulatory proceedings, asserted and potential claims, liabilities related to repair or replacement of parts in
connection with product defects, as well as product warranties and potential asset impairments that arise in the ordinary course of business and are subject to change, including
due to sudden or rapid developments in proceedings or claims. An estimated loss from such contingencies is recognized as a charge to income if it is probable that a loss has
been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate developments that could affect prior disclosures or previously accrued liabilities, and make
adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to such matters. If one or
more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management's estimates of losses, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected.

Note 3 :

Operating Segments

We previously announced the implementation of our internal foundry operating model, which took effect in the first quarter of 2024, and creates a foundry relationship between
our Intel Products business (collectively CCG, DCAI, and NEX) and our Intel Foundry business. Intel Products consists substantially of design and development of CPUs and
related solutions for external customers. Intel Foundry consists substantially of process engineering, manufacturing, and foundry services groups that provide manufacturing,
test, and assembly services to our Intel Products business and to external customers. Both businesses utilize marketing, sales, and other support functions.

Our internal foundry model is a key component of our strategy and is designed to reshape our operational dynamics and drive greater transparency, accountability, and focus on
costs and efficiency. We also previously announced our intent to operate Altera as a standalone business. Altera was previously included in our DCAI segment results and,
beginning in the first quarter of 2024, is included in "all other." As a result of these changes, we modified our segment reporting in the first quarter of 2024 to align to this new
operating model. All prior period segment data has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the way our CODMs internally receive information and manage and monitor our
operating segment performance. There are no changes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for any prior periods.

We organize our business as follows:

▪

Intel Products:

▪

▪

▪

Client Computing Group (CCG)

Data Center and AI (DCAI)

Network and Edge (NEX)

▪

▪

Intel Foundry

All other:

▪

Altera

▪ Mobileye

▪

Other

CCG, DCAI, and Intel Foundry qualify as reportable operating segments. NEX, Altera, and Mobileye do not qualify as reportable operating segments; however, we have elected
to disclose certain of their results. When we enter into federal contracts, they are aligned to the sponsoring operating segment.

The accounting policies applied to our segments follow those applied to Intel as a whole. A summary of the basis for which we report our operating segment revenues and
operating margin is as follows:

Intel Products: CCG, DCAI, and NEX

▪

▪

Segment revenue: Consists of revenues from external customers. Our Intel Products operating segments represent most of Intel consolidated revenue and are derived
from our principal products that incorporate various components and technologies, including a microprocessor and chipset, a stand-alone SoC, or a multichip package,
which are based on Intel architecture.

Segment expenses: Consists of intersegment charges for product manufacturing and related services from Intel Foundry, external foundry and other manufacturing
expenses, product development costs, allocated expenses as described below, and direct operating expenses.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Intel Foundry

▪

▪

Segment revenue: Consists substantially of intersegment product and services revenue for wafer fabrication, substrates and other related products, and services sold to
Intel Products, Altera, and certain other Intel internal businesses. We recognize intersegment revenue based on the completion of performance obligations. Product revenue
is recognized upon transfer of ownership, which is generally at the completion of wafer sorting. Backend service revenue is recognized upon the completion of assembly and
test milestones, which approximates the recognition of revenue over the service period. Intersegment sales are recorded at prices that are intended to approximate market
pricing. Intel Foundry also includes certain third-party foundry and assembly and test revenue from external customers that totaled$385 million in 2024,$953 million in 2023,
and$474 million in 2022.
Segment expenses: Consists of direct expenses for technology development, product manufacturing and services provided by Intel Foundry to internal and external
customers, allocated expenses as described below, and direct operating expenses. Direct expenses for product manufacturing include excess capacity charges.

All Other

Our "all other" category includes the results of operations from other non-reportable segments not otherwise presented, including our Altera and Mobileye businesses, start-up
businesses that support our initiatives, and historical results of operations from divested businesses. The financial results of our all other category include intersegment product
and services revenue and intersegment expenses.

We allocate operating expenses from our sales and marketing group to the Intel Products operating segments and allocate operating expenses from our finance and
administration groups to all of our operating segments, except Mobileye.

We estimate that the substantial majority of our consolidated depreciation expense was incurred by Intel Foundry in 2024, 2023, and 2022. Intel Foundry depreciation expense is
substantially included in overhead cost pools and then combined with other costs, and subsequently absorbed into inventory as each product passes through the manufacturing
process and is sold to Intel Products or other customers. As a result, it is impracticable to determine the total depreciation expense included as a component of each Intel
Products operating segment's operating income (loss).

We do not allocate to our operating segments corporate operating expenses that primarily consist of:
▪

restructuring and other charges;

▪

▪

▪

share-based compensation;

certain impairment charges; and

certain acquisition-related adjustments, including amortization and any impairment of acquisition-related intangibles and goodwill.

We do not allocate to our operating segments non-operating items such as:
▪

gains and losses from equity investments;

▪

▪

interest and other income; and

income taxes.

Our interim Co-Chief Executive Officers are our CODMs. The CODMs primarily use operating income (loss) to evaluate each segment's performance and allocate resources.
This measure is utilized during our budgeting and forecasting process to assess profitability and enable decision making regarding strategic initiatives, capital investments, and
personnel across all operating segments. While operating income (loss) is the primary measure used by our CODMs to allocate resources, they often review materials that
present operating segment gross margin. Accordingly, we have included gross margin as a secondary measure within the accompanying reconciliation of our operating segment
and consolidated results. The measures regularly provided to and used by our CODMs under our new operating model continue to evolve; currently, our CODMs do not regularly
review or receive discrete asset information by operating segment.

Intersegment eliminations: Intersegment sales and related gross margin on inventory recorded at the end of the period or sold through to third-party customers is eliminated
for consolidation purposes. The Intel Products operating segments and Intel Foundry are meant to reflect separate fabless semiconductor and foundry companies, respectively.
Thus, certain intersegment activity is captured within the intersegment eliminations upon consolidation and presented at the Intel consolidated level. This activity primarily relates
to inventory reserves, which are determined and recorded based on our accounting policies for Intel as a whole, but are only recorded by the Intel Products operating segments
upon transfer of inventory from Intel Foundry. If a reserve is identified that relates to neither Intel Products operating segments nor Intel Foundry, the reserve is recognized as
activity within the intersegment eliminations for Intel on a consolidated basis.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Net revenue, cost of sales, gross margin, operating expenses, and operating income (loss) for each period were as follows:

(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales

Gross margin (loss)

Operating expenses

Operating income (loss)

(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales

Gross margin (loss)
Operating expenses

Operating income (loss)

(In Millions)

Revenue
Cost of sales
Gross margin (loss)

Operating expenses

Operating income (loss)$$$$$$Intel Products

Dec 28, 2024

CCG

DCAI

NEX

Total Intel
Products

Intel Foundry

All Other

Corporate
Unallocated

Intersegment
Eliminations

Total
Consolidated

30,290$14,569 
15,721 

4,801 

12,817$6,792 
6,025 

4,687 

5,842$2,457 
3,385 

2,454 

48,949$23,818 
25,131 

11,942 

17,543$25,596 
(8,053)

5,355 

3,824$1,831 
1,993 

2,077 

—$1,919 
(1,919)

9,299 

(17,215)$(17,408)


53,101 
35,756 
17,345 

29,023 

10,920$1,338$931$13,189$(13,408)$(84)$(11,218)$(157)$(11,678)

Intel Products

Dec 30, 2023

CCG

DCAI

NEX

Total Intel
Products

Intel Foundry

All Other

Corporate
Unallocated

Intersegment
Eliminations

Total
Consolidated

29,258$14,606 
14,652 

5,139 

12,635$6,420 
6,215 

4,595 

5,774$3,095 
2,679 

2,475 

47,667$24,121 
23,546 

12,209 

18,910$21,471 
(2,561)

4,394 

5,608$2,475 
3,133 

2,054 

—$2,136 
(2,136)

3,029 

9,513$1,620$204$11,337$(6,955)$1,079$(5,165)$(17,957)$(17,686)
(271)

(68)

(203)$54,228 
32,517 
21,711 

21,618 


Intel Products

Dec 31, 2022

CCG

DCAI

NEX

Total Intel
Products

Intel Foundry

All Other

Corporate
Unallocated

Intersegment
Eliminations

Total
Consolidated

31,773$16,826 

14,947 

6,740 
8,207$16,856$7,081 

9,775 

5,577 
4,198$8,409$3,856 

4,553 

3,021 
1,532$57,038$27,763 

29,275 

15,338 
13,937$27,491$28,052 

(561)

4,608 
(5,169)$5,530$2,425 

3,105 

1,931 
1,174$—$2,875 

(2,875)

2,758 
(5,633)$(27,005)$(24,927)

(2,078)

(103)
(1,975)$63,054 
36,188 

26,866 

24,532 
2,334 

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Corporate Unallocated Expenses

Corporate unallocated expenses include certain operating and non-operating costs not allocated to specific operating segments. The nature of these expenses may vary, but
primarily consist of restructuring and other charges, share-based compensation, certain impairment charges, and certain acquisition-related costs.

(In Millions)

Acquisition-related costs
Share-based compensation
Restructuring and other charges
Other


Total corporate unallocated expenses

(In Millions)

Acquisition-related costs
Share-based compensation
Restructuring and other charges
Other


Total corporate unallocated expenses

(In Millions)

Acquisition-related costs
Share-based compensation
Patent settlement
Optane inventory impairment
Restructuring and other charges
Other


Total corporate unallocated expenses

Cost of Sales

Dec 28, 2024
Operating Expenses

Total

879$— 
1,919$165$2,535 
6,970 
(371)
9,299$Cost of Sales

Dec 30, 2023
Operating Expenses

Total

1,235$— 
2,136$172$2,524 
(62)
3,029$Cost of Sales

Dec 31, 2022
Operating Expenses

Total

1,341$— 
(56)
2,875$185$2,465 
— 
— 
2,758$1,044 
3,410 
6,970 
(206)
11,218 

1,407 
3,229 
(62)
5,165 

1,526 
3,128 
5,633$$$$$$See "Note 7: Restructuring and Other Charges" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Concentration of Revenue

In 2024, substantially all of the revenue from our three largest customers was from the sale of platforms and other components by our Intel Products operating segments. Our
three largest customers accounted for the following percentage of our net revenue:

Years Ended
Customer A
Customer B
Customer C

Total percentage of net revenue

Net revenue by region, based on the billing location of the customer, was as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)
China
United States
Singapore
Taiwan
Other regions

Total net revenue

Note 4 :

Non-Controlling Interests

Years Ended

Ireland SCIP
Arizona SCIP
Mobileye
IMS Nanofabrication (IMS Nano)

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

19%14%12%45%19%11%10%40%19%12%11%42%Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$15,532$12,994 
10,187 
7,804 
6,584 
53,101$14,854$13,958 
8,602 
6,867 
9,947 
54,228$17,125 
16,529 
9,664 
8,287 
11,449 
63,054 

Non-Controlling Ownership%Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023 

Dec 31, 2022

49%49%12%32%—%49%12%32%(In Millions)
Non-controlling interests as of Dec 30, 2023
Partner contributions
Partner distributions
Changes in equity of non-controlling interest holders
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests as of Dec 28, 2024

(In Millions)
Non-controlling interests as of Dec 31, 2022
Partner contributions
Changes in equity of non-controlling interest holders
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests as of Dec 30, 2023$$$$Ireland SCIP

Arizona SCIP

Mobileye

IMS Nano

Total

—$— 
(43)
— 

61$2,359$1,702 
— 
— 
(173)
3,888$1,838$— 
— 
(371)
1,672$178$— 
— 
— 
(37)
141$Ireland SCIP

Arizona SCIP

Mobileye

IMS Nano

Total

—$— 
— 
— 
—$874$1,511 
— 
(26)
2,359$989$— 
1,838$—$— 
178$—%49%6%—%4,375 
1,702 
(43)
(477)
5,762 

1,863 
1,511 
1,015 
(14)
4,375 

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Semiconductor Co-Investment Program

Ireland SCIP

In the second quarter of 2024, we closed a transaction with Apollo Global Management, Inc. (Apollo) involving the sale of 49%of our interest in an Irish limited liability company
(Ireland SCIP) for net proceeds of$11.0 billion, which increased our capital in excess of par value. Ireland SCIP is a VIE that we consolidate into our Consolidated Financial
Statements because we are the primary beneficiary. Generally, distributions will be received from Ireland SCIP based on both parties' proportional ownership. Ireland SCIP has
the rights to operate Fab 34 in Leixlip, Ireland, and has the rights to the related factory output. We have the right to purchase 100%of the related factory output from Ireland
SCIP. We will retain sole ownership of Fab 34, will be engaged as the Fab 34 operator in exchange for variable payments from Ireland SCIP based on the related factory output,
and will be required to maintain certain performance standards in our capacity as operator.

We are required to substantially complete construction of Fab 34 in accordance with contractual parameters and timelines or we will be required to pay delay-related liquidated
damages to Apollo beginning in 2026, not to exceed$1.1 billion in total. As of December 28, 2024, we expect certain construction milestones for Fab 34 will be delayed as we
refined our near-term production capacity requirements and related capital outlays relative to those that are required per the Ireland SCIP agreement. As a result, in 2024 we
recognized a loss of$755 million within Interest and other, net from the change in fair value of the liquidated damage provisions, which qualify as a non-designated derivative.
Refer to "Note 16: Derivative Financial Instruments" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Though we expect certain construction delays
in the near term, we intend to complete construction of Fab 34. We will be required to purchase minimum quantities of the related factory output from Ireland SCIP, or we will be
subject to pay certain volume-related damages to Ireland SCIP, beginning at the earlier of when construction is complete or Q3 2027.
As of December 28, 2024, other than cash and cash equivalents held by Ireland SCIP, substantially all of the remaining assets and liabilities of Ireland SCIP were eliminated in
our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Arizona SCIP

We consolidate the results of an Arizona limited liability company (Arizona SCIP), a VIE, into our Consolidated Financial Statements because we are the primary beneficiary.
Generally, contributions will be made to, and distributions will be received from Arizona SCIP based on Intel's and Brookfield Asset Management's (Brookfield's) proportional
ownership. We will be the sole operator and main beneficiary of two new chip factories that will be constructed by Arizona SCIP, and we will have the right to purchase 100%of
the related factory output. Once production commences, we will be required to both operate Arizona SCIP at minimum production levels (measured in wafer starts per week) and
limit excess inventory held on site or we will be subject to certain damages.

We have an unrecognized commitment to fund our respective share of the total construction costs of Arizona SCIP. The total construction costs were estimated at$29.0 billion
when we entered into the definitive agreement with Brookfield in 2022.

As of December 28, 2024, substantially all of the assets of Arizona SCIP consisted of property, plant, and equipment. The remaining assets and liabilities of Arizona SCIP were
eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The assets held by Arizona SCIP, which can be used only to settle obligations of the VIE and are not available to us, were$11.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($4.8 billion as of December 30, 2023).

Mobileye

In 2022, Mobileye completed its IPO and certain other equity financing transactions. During 2023, we converted 38.5 million of our Mobileye Class B shares into Class A shares,
representing 5%of Mobileye's outstanding capital stock, and subsequently sold the Class A shares for$42 per share as part of a secondary offering, receiving net proceeds of$1.6 billion and increasing our capital in excess of par value by$663 million, net of tax. We continue to consolidate the results of Mobileye into our Consolidated Financial
Statements. In the third quarter of 2024, the non-cash impairment of goodwill related to our Mobileye reporting unit was attributed to Intel and to non-controlling interest holders
based on our proportional ownership (see "Note 11: Goodwill" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

IMS Nanofabrication

In 2023, we closed agreements to sell a combined 32%minority stake in our IMS business, a business within our Intel Foundry operating segment—including a 20%stake to
Bain Capital Special Situations and a 10%stake to TSMC. Net proceeds resulting from the minority stake sales totaled$1.4 billion, and our capital in excess of par value
increased by$958 million, net of tax. We continue to consolidate the results of IMS into our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 5 :

Earnings (Loss) Per Share

We computed basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We computed
diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus potentially dilutive shares of common
stock outstanding during the period, if applicable.

Years Ended (In Millions, Except Per Share Amounts)

Net income (loss)
Less: net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
Net income (loss) attributable to Intel
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding—basic
Dilutive effect of employee equity incentive plans
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding—diluted

Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Intel—basic

Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Intel—diluted

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$$$(19,233)$(477)
(18,756)$4,280 
— 
4,280 
(4.38)$(4.38)$1,675$(14)
1,689$4,190 
4,212 

0.40$0.40$8,017 
8,014 
4,108 
4,123 
1.95 

1.94 

Potentially dilutive shares of common stock from employee equity incentive plans are determined by applying the treasury stock method to the assumed exercise of outstanding
stock options, the assumed vesting of outstanding RSUs, and the assumed issuance of common stock under the stock purchase plan. The potentially dilutive impact from the
assumed issuance of common stock associated with a contractual conversion feature is determined by applying the if-converted method to the assumed exercise of the
outstanding conversion feature.

At December 28, 2024, the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options, the assumed vesting of outstanding RSUs, the assumed issuance of common stock under the stock
purchase plan, and the assumed issuance of common stock associated with a contractual conversion feature, as applicable, had an anti-dilutive effect on diluted loss per share
and were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share. At December 28, 2024, 114 million anti-dilutive shares (70 million in 2022) were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share. In 2023, securities that would have been anti-dilutive were insignificant.

Note 6 :

Other Financial Statement Details

Accounts Receivable

We sell certain of our accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to third-party financial institutions. We record these transactions as sales of receivables and present cash
proceeds as cash provided by operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Accounts receivable sold under non-recourse factoring arrangements were$2.3 billion during 2024,$2.0 billion during 2023, and$665 million during 2022. After the sale of our accounts receivable, we expect to collect payment from the customers and
remit it to the third-party financial institution.

Inventories

Years Ended (In Millions)

Raw materials
Work in process
Finished goods

Total inventories

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$1,344$7,432 
3,422 
12,198$1,166 
6,203 
3,758 
11,127 


 
Property, Plant, and Equipment

Years Ended (In Millions)

Land and buildings
Machinery and equipment
Construction in progress
Total property, plant, and equipment, gross
Less: Accumulated depreciation

Total property, plant, and equipment, net

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$56,544$103,150 
50,418 
210,112 
(102,193)
107,919$51,182 
100,033 
43,442 
194,657 
(98,010)
96,647 

Our depreciable property, plant, and equipment assets are depreciated over the following estimated useful lives: machinery and equipment, 3 to 8 years; and buildings, 10 to 25
years.

We invest in and deploy manufacturing assets in response to manufacturing capacity requirements based upon short- and long-term demand forecasts and economic returns
relative to capital outlays. We regularly monitor, evaluate, and adjust our manufacturing capacity footprint in response to a number of volatile factors that impact our business,
including demand for our products and services and the state of the semiconductor industry as a whole. In connection with the preparation of our Consolidated Financial
Statements for the third quarter of 2024, we evaluated our current process technology node capacities relative to projected market demand for our products and services, and
concluded that our manufacturing asset portfolio, primarily for our Intel 7 process node, exceeded manufacturing capacity requirements. Upon performing a re-use assessment,
we impaired and accelerated depreciation for certain manufacturing assets. In total, we recorded non-cash impairments and accelerated depreciation charges of$2.3 billion and$992 million, respectively, in 2024, substantially all of which were recognized in cost of sales within our Intel Foundry operating segment.

We also incurred certain other non-cash asset impairment charges of$442 million as a direct result of the 2024 Restructuring Plan (see "Note 7: Restructuring and Other
Charges" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). These charges were included as a component of "corporate unallocated expenses" within the restructuring and
other category presented in "Note 3: Operating Segments" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

We negotiate extended payment terms of greater than 90 days with certain of our capital vendors, which are reported as financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows when paid. Unpaid amounts related to the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment in 2024 under such extended payment terms, included in accounts payable
and other accrued liabilities, totaled$3.2 billion.

Property, plant, and equipment, net, by country at the end of each period was as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

United States
Ireland
Israel
Other countries

Total property, plant, and equipment, net

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$72,068$18,152 
10,414 
7,285 
107,919$63,234 
16,746 
9,290 
7,377 
96,647 

Government Incentives

We enter into government incentive arrangements with local, regional, and national governments, both US and non-US. These arrangements vary in size, duration, and
conditions and allow us to maintain a market-comparable foothold across various geographies. These incentives are primarily structured as cash grants and refundable tax
credits. Capital-related incentives have terms of up to 15 years and operating-related incentives have terms that can vary widely. We are eligible to receive these incentives
because we engage in qualifying capital investments, R&D, and other activities as defined by the relevant government entities. These include qualifying capital investments for
semiconductor wafer and advanced packaging manufacturing facilities construction and acquisition of equipment. Each incentive requires that we comply with certain conditions
for a period that may exceed the incentive terms. These conditions can include achievement of future operational targets and committing to minimum levels of capital investment.
If conditions are not satisfied, the incentives may be subject to reduction, recapture, or termination. For example, in November 2024 we entered into a direct funding agreement
with the US Department of Commerce under the CHIPS Act that contains detailed milestones we must achieve for us to receive the funds, including the achievement of various
milestones with respect to capital expenditures, facility completion, process technology development, wafer production, Intel products insourcing, and external foundry customer
acquisitions. It also contains restrictions on certain “change of control” transactions we are permitted to engage in, a requirement that we share with the US government project
economic returns above specified thresholds, and various termination rights and remedies if we were to breach the agreement, including potential repayment of some or all of the
awards.

Capital-related incentives reduced gross property, plant, and equipment by$9.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($5.5 billion as of December 30, 2023), of which$4.1 billion was
recognized in 2024 ($2.2 billion in 2023). Capital-related incentives reduced depreciation expense by$594 million in 2024, of which the substantial majority reduced cost of sales
($226 million in 2023, substantially all of which reduced cost of sales, and$230 million in 2022, all of which reduced cost of sales). Of our total capital-related government
incentives recognized in 2024,$3.3 billion was recognized as a non-cash investing activity ($1.1 billion in 2023 and$128 million in 2022). Related incentives recognized during
each period consisted of the following:

▪

▪

▪

US federal government pursuant to the CHIPS Act. In September 2024, we were awarded up to$3.0 billion in direct funding for the Secure Enclave program to expand the
trusted manufacturing of leading-edge semiconductors for the US government. In November 2024, we signed a Direct Funding Agreement with the US Department of
Commerce for the award of$7.9 billion in government incentives. We recognized$1.3 billion of grants, including$253 million of operating grants, in 2024 under the CHIPS
Act. Additionally, we recognized an advanced manufacturing investment tax credit of$2.6 billion in 2024 ($845 million in 2023), which may be refunded to us in cash to the
extent it exceeds our outstanding income tax liabilities.

US state governments. We recognized$115 million of grants in 2024 related to modernization and expansion of chip factories in Oregon ($723 million in 2023 related to two
new leading-edge chip factories in Ohio).

Non-US governments. We recognized$384 million of grants and refundable tax credits in 2024 ($645 million in 2023), substantially all and a majority of which, respectively,
related to the expansion of silicon wafer manufacturing facilities in Ireland.

Operating-related incentives, including those recognized under the CHIPS Act, benefited operating income by$442 million in 2024, the substantial majority of which was
recorded in cost of sales ($202 million in 2023 and$104 million in 2022, a majority of which was recorded in cost of sales in both periods).

The amounts recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to grants receivable and capital-related refundable tax credits for each period were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Operating-related grants receivables

Capital-related grants receivables

Capital-related refundable tax credits
Capital-related refundable tax credits

Advertising

Location

Other current assets
Other long-term assets
Other current assets
Other long-term assets
Other current assets
Income taxes payable

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$$$$$272$186$859$374$2,099$—$— 

Advertising costs, including direct marketing, are expensed as incurred and recorded within MG&A expenses. Advertising costs were$856 million in 2024 ($950 million in 2023
and$1.2 billion in 2022).

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Interest and Other, Net

Years Ended (In Millions)

Interest income
Interest expense
Other, net

Total interest and other, net

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$1,245$(1,034)
226$1,335$(878)
629$(496)
1,073 
1,166 

Interest expense is net of$1.5 billion of interest capitalized in 2024 ($1.5 billion in 2023 and$785 million in 2022).

Other, net in 2024 includes a$755 million loss from the change in fair value of a derivative related to Ireland SCIP and$560 million of interest received and recognized as a
benefit in 2024 in relation to the European Commission competition matter that was recorded and paid in 2009 and refunded to us in 2022. Other, net in 2022 included a$1.0
billion gain recognized from the first closing of the divestiture of our NAND memory business.

Note 7 :

Restructuring and Other Charges

Years Ended (In Millions)

Employee severance and benefit arrangements
Litigation charges and other
Asset impairment charges

Total restructuring and other charges

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$2,481$3,631 
6,970$222$(329)
(62)$1,038 
(1,187)

In the third quarter of 2024, the 2024 Restructuring Plan was announced, subsequently approved and committed to by our management team, and initiated to implement costreduction measures, including reductions in employee headcount, other operating expenditures, and capital expenditures. Restructuring charges are primarily composed of
employee severance and benefit arrangements, non-cash charges related to asset impairments associated with exit activities, and charges relating to real estate exits and
consolidations. These charges were included as "corporate unallocated expenses" within the restructuring and other category presented in "Note 3: Operating Segments" within
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect to recognize total charges of approximately$3.0 billion under the 2024 Restructuring Plan. The cumulative cost of the
2024 Restructuring Plan as of December 28, 2024, was$2.8 billion. Any changes to our estimates or timing will be reflected in our results of operations in future periods. We
expect actions pursuant to the 2024 Restructuring Plan to be substantially complete by the fourth quarter of 2025, which is subject to change.

Employee severance and benefit arrangements includes net charges relating to the 2024 Restructuring Plan of$2.2 billion in 2024. Charges relating to other actions taken to
streamline operations and to reduce costs were$294 million in 2024. Charges accrued as of December 28, 2024, were recorded as current liabilities within accrued
compensation and benefits on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Charges in 2023 and 2022 primarily related to the 2022 Restructuring Program, which was approved to
rebalance our workforce and operations in alignment with our strategy and was completed in the first quarter of 2024. The cumulative cost of the 2022 Restructuring Program as
of December 28, 2024 was$1.3 billion.

Restructuring activities related to employee severance and benefit arrangements under the 2024 and 2022 Restructuring Plans were as follows:

(In Millions)

Accrued balance as of December 25, 2021
Accruals and adjustments
Cash payments
Accrued balance as of December 31, 2022
Accruals and adjustments
Cash payments
Accrued balance as of December 30, 2023
Accruals and adjustments
Cash payments

Accrued balance as of December 28, 2024

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

2024 Restructuring
Plan

2022 Restructuring
Program$$—$— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
2,306 
(2,004)

302$— 
1,038 
(165)
(1,013)
— 
(82)
— 

Litigation charges and other includes a charge of$780 million in 2024 arising out of the R2 litigation. In 2023, a$1.2 billion benefit was recorded due to the reduction in the
previously accrued charge as a result of developments in the VLSI litigation. 2023 charges also included a$401 million charge for an EC-imposed fine and a$353 million
termination fee in connection with our inability to timely obtain required regulatory approvals needed to acquire Tower. In 2009, we recorded and paid an EC-imposed fine that
was subsequently annulled, which resulted in a benefit of$1.2 billion in 2022. Refer to "Note 19: Commitments and Contingencies" within Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for information about litigation related items.

Asset impairment charges in 2024 includes non-cash charges associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan, including$442 million of non-cash impairments of construction-inprogress assets associated with our decision to exit and outsource manufacturing capabilities for certain internal test hardware; and$103 million of non-cash impairments of
operating leased assets and related leasehold improvements resulting from real estate consolidations and exits. Real estate consolidations and exits did not significantly change
our operating lease liabilities and may result in future cash outlays for facility restoration or the relocation of operations. These impairments were recorded within property, plant,
and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, except for the impairment of operating leased assets of$83 million that were recorded within other long-term assets on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 28, 2024.

In addition, we recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of$3.0 billion in 2024 (see "Note 11: Goodwill" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Further, as a
result of a decline in the actual and projected undiscounted cash flows for certain acquired intangible assets, we concluded the assets were not recoverable and recognized a
non-cash impairment charge of$108 million in 2024.

Note 8 :

Income Taxes

Provision for (Benefit From) Taxes

Years Ended ($In Millions)

Income (losses) before taxes:

US
Non-US

Total income before taxes
Provision for (benefit from) taxes:

Current:
Federal
State
Non-US

Total current provision for (benefit from) taxes

Deferred:
Federal
State
Non-US

Total deferred provision for (benefit from) taxes

Total provision for (benefit from) taxes

Effective tax rate

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$$$(13,450)
2,241 
(11,210)

(8)
1,364 
1,956 

6,192 
(192)
6,067 
8,023$$$$(4,749)
5,511 

1,096 

(2,048)
(21)
(2,009)
(913)$$$$(1,161)
8,929 
7,768 

4,106 
4,909 

(5,806)
(40)
(5,158)
(249)

71.6%(119.8)%(3.2)%Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
The difference between the tax provision (benefit) at the statutory federal income tax rate and the tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes (effective tax rate)
for each period was as follows:

Years Ended
Expected provision (benefit) at statutory federal income tax rate
Increase (reduction) in rate resulting from:

Federal valuation allowance
Goodwill impairment
Share-based compensation
Unrecognized tax benefits and settlements
Non-US income taxed at different rates
Research and development tax credits
Foreign derived intangible income benefit
Restructuring of certain non-US subsidiaries
Non-deductibility of European Commission fine
Other

Effective tax rate

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

(21.0)%21.0%93.2 
2.1 
4.2 
1.3 
(5.3)
(5.6)
— 
— 
— 
2.7 
71.6%— 
— 
34.3 
16.3 
(60.6)
(99.0)
(25.1)
(15.8)
11.1 
(2.0)
(119.8)%21.0%— 
— 
3.0 
4.5 
(13.4)
(11.4)
(9.7)
(2.2)
(4.1)
9.1 
(3.2)%Our effective tax rate increased in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily driven by the effects associated with the establishment of a valuation allowance against our US federal
deferred tax assets in 2024. We assess the recoverability of our deferred tax assets quarterly, weighing available positive and negative evidence. As a result of our assessment
in the third quarter of 2024, we determined it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recoverable based upon our three-year cumulative historical loss
position as of the third quarter of 2024, largely resulting from the asset impairment and restructuring and other charges incurred during 2024. Additionally, our 2024 provision for
taxes and 2023 benefit from taxes included R&D tax credits, which provide a tax benefit based on our eligible R&D spending and are not dependent on lower income before
taxes.

Our effective tax rate decreased in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by our R&D tax credits and a higher proportion of our income being taxed in non-US jurisdictions.

We derive the effective tax rate benefit, or detriment, attributed to non-US income taxed at different rates primarily from our operations in Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, and
Malaysia. The statutory tax rates in these jurisdictions range from 12.5%to 24.0%. We are subject to reduced tax rates in Israel and Malaysia as long as we conduct certain
eligible activities and make certain capital investments. We have conditional reduced tax rates that expire at various dates through 2056, and we expect to apply for renewals
upon expiration, if available. In 2024 the tax benefit specifically attributable to tax holidays was$67 million ($129 million in 2023 and$220 million in 2022) with a$0.02 impact on
diluted earnings per share ($0.03 in 2023 and$0.05 in 2022).

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Deferred and Current Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities at the end of each period were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Deferred tax assets:

R&D expenditures capitalization
State credits and net operating losses
Inventory
Accrued compensation and other benefits
Share-based compensation
Litigation charge
Other, net

Gross deferred tax assets
Valuation allowance
Total deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant, and equipment
Licenses and intangibles
Unrealized gains on investments and derivatives
Other, net

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

Reported as:

Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

Changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:
Balance at Beginning of Year
Additions Charged to Expenses/Other Accounts
(Deductions) Recoveries, Net

Balance at End of Year

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

10,709$2,830 
1,054 
1,510 
17,964 
(13,974)
3,990 

(4,063)
(159)
(224)
(403)
(4,849)

(859)$(1,462)

(859)$7,726 
2,624 
1,430 
14,531 
(3,047)
11,484 

(5,156)
(494)
(358)
(203)
(6,211)
5,273 

5,459 
(186)
5,273 

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

3,047$10,927 
— 
13,974$2,586 
— 
3,047$$$$$Deferred tax assets are included within other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The$10.9 billion change in valuation allowance from December 30, 2023 to December 28, 2024 is largely attributable to the uncertainty regarding the realizability of the US
deferred tax assets.

As of December 28, 2024, our federal and non-US net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were$279 million and$2.7 billion, respectively. The majority of the
federal and non-US net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration date. The remaining federal and non-US net operating loss carryforwards expire at various dates through
2040.

As of December 28, 2024, we have undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries of approximately$21.0 billion that we have indefinitely invested, and on which we have
not recognized deferred taxes. Estimating the amount of potential tax is not practicable because of the complexity and variety of assumptions necessary to compute the tax.

Current income taxes receivable of$2.6 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($59 million as of December 30, 2023) are included in other current assets.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Long-term income taxes payable of$1.6 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($2.6 billion as of December 30, 2023) are primarily composed of the transition tax from Tax Reform,
which is payable over eight years beginning in 2018, as well as amounts for uncertain tax positions, reduced by the associated deduction for state taxes and non-US tax credits.

Uncertain Tax Positions

Years Ended (In Millions)

Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits
Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities
Changes in balances related to tax position taken during prior periods
Changes in balances related to tax position taken during current period

Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$1,124$(59)
(8)
1,130$1,229$(288)
— 
1,124$1,020 
(18)
(120)
1,229 

If the remaining balance of unrecognized tax benefits were recognized in a future period, it would result in a tax benefit of$946 million as of December 28, 2024 ($962 million as
of December 30, 2023) and a reduction in the effective tax rate. Interest, penalties, and accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits were insignificant in the periods
presented.

We regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Although the timing of
the resolutions and/or closures of audits is highly uncertain, it is reasonably possible that certain US federal and non-US tax audits may be concluded within the next 12 months,
which could increase or decrease the balance of our gross unrecognized tax benefits. We estimate that the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 28, 2024, could decrease
by as much as$314 million in the next 12 months.

We file federal, state, and non-US tax returns. We are no longer subject to US federal and non-US tax examinations for years prior to 2018 and 2015, respectively. For US state
tax returns, we are no longer subject to tax examination for years prior to 2015.

Note 9 :

Investments

Short-term Investments

Short-term investments include marketable debt investments in corporate debt, government debt, and financial institution instruments, and are recorded within cash and cash
equivalents and short-term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Government debt includes instruments such as non-US government bills and bonds and US
agency securities. Financial institution instruments include instruments issued or managed by financial institutions in various forms, such as commercial paper, fixed- and
floating-rate bonds, money market fund deposits, and time deposits. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, substantially all time deposits were issued by institutions
outside the US.

The fair value of our economically hedged marketable debt investments was$13.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($17.1 billion as of December 30, 2023). For hedged
investments still held at the reporting date, we recorded net losses of$464 million in 2024 (net gains of$534 million in 2023 and net losses of$748 million in 2022).

Our remaining unhedged marketable debt investments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). The adjusted cost of our unhedged investments was$5.2 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($4.7 billion as of December 30, 2023), which approximated the fair
value for these periods.

The fair value of marketable debt investments, by contractual maturity, as of December 28, 2024, was as follows:

(In Millions)

Due in 1 year or less
Due in 1–2 years
Due in 2–5 years
Due after 5 years
Instruments not due at a single maturity date


Total$$Fair Value


 Instruments not due at a single maturity date is composed of money market fund deposits, which are classified as either short-term investments or cash and cash equivalents.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

5,690 
2,321 
6,182 
4,316 

18,677 


 
Equity Investments

Years Ended (In Millions)

Marketable equity investments


Non-marketable equity investments

Total

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$848$4,535 

5,383$1,194 
4,635 

5,829 


 Most of our marketable equity investments are subject to trading-volume or market-based restrictions, which limit the number of shares we may sell in a specified period of time, impacting our
ability to liquidate these investments. Certain of the trading-volume restrictions generally apply for as long as we own more than 1%of the outstanding shares. Market-based restrictions result
from the rules of the respective exchange.

The components of gains (losses) on equity investments, net for each period were as follows:

Years Ended (in Millions)

Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity investments

Unrealized gains (losses) on non-marketable equity investments
Impairment charges
Unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments, net
Realized gains (losses) on sales of equity investments, net


Gains (losses) on equity investments, net 

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$$(218)$(347)
(473)
715$242$(99)$(214)
(296)
336$40$(829)
(190)
(720)
4,988 

4,268 


Unrealized gains (losses) on non-marketable investments includes observable price adjustments and our share of equity method investee gains (losses) and certain distributions.

As of December 28, 2024, the cumulative amount of impairments for equity investments without readily determinable fair value was$1.4 billion ($1.1 billion as of December 30,
2023) and upward observable price adjustments were$1.4 billion ($1.4 billion as of December 30, 2023).

McAfee Corp.

During 2022, the sale of McAfee's consumer business was completed and we received$4.6 billion in cash for the sale of our remaining share of McAfee, recognizing a$4.6
billion gain in realized gains (losses) on sales of equity investments, net.

Note 10 :

Divestitures

NAND Memory Business

We sold our NAND memory technology and manufacturing business (the NAND OpCo Business) to SK hynix Inc. (SK hynix), which we deconsolidated upon closing the first
phase of the transaction on December 29, 2021. We have a receivable within other current assets for the transaction's remaining proceeds of$2.0 billion, which remains
outstanding as of December 28, 2024 and will be received upon the second closing of the transaction, expected to be in March 2025.

In connection with the transaction, we have a wafer manufacturing and sale agreement that includes incentives and penalties that are contingent on the cost of operation and
output of the NAND OpCo Business. These incentives and penalties present a maximum exposure of up to$500 million annually, and$1.5 billion in the aggregate. We are
currently in negotiations with SK hynix to update the operating plan of the NAND OpCo Business, which may impact the metrics associated with the incentives and penalties and
our expectations of the performance of the NAND OpCo Business against those metrics.

We were reimbursed for costs that we incurred on behalf of the NAND OpCo Business for corporate function services, which include human resources, information technology,
finance, supply chain, and other compliance requirements. We recorded a receivable due from the NAND OpCo Business, a deconsolidated entity, of$98 million within other
current assets as of December 28, 2024 ($145 million recorded as of December 30, 2023).

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Note 11 :

Goodwill

(In Millions)

Client Computing
Data Center and AI
Network and Edge
Intel Foundry
Mobileye
Altera
All Other

Total

(In Millions)

Client Computing
Data Center and AI
Network and Edge
Mobileye
Accelerated Computing Systems and Graphics
All other

Total

Dec 30, 2023

Acquisitions

Transfers

Impairments

Dec 28, 2024

4,749$8,721 
2,809 
— 
10,919 
— 
27,591$—$— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
86$(130)$(777)
(29)
— 
(67)

—$—$— 
— 
(222)
(2,613)
— 
(149)
(2,984)$4,619 
7,944 
2,780 
— 
8,306 
24,693 

Dec 31, 2022

Acquisitions

Transfers

Other

Dec 30, 2023

4,254$9,013 
2,809 
10,919 
— 
27,591$—$— 
— 
—
—
— 
—$495$(292)
— 
— 
(596)

—$—$— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—$4,749 
8,721 
2,809 
10,919 
— 
27,591$$$$Our quarterly qualitative impairment assessment for the third quarter of 2024 indicated that a more detailed quantitative analysis was necessary for certain of our reporting units,
primarily due to the decline in our market capitalization below the carrying value of our net assets, as well as the decline in our Mobileye reporting unit's market capitalization
below the carrying value of Mobileye's net assets. Our quantitative assessment was performed by measuring each reporting unit's fair value using the income approach, the
market approach, or a combination of both. When using the income approach, we tested the reasonableness of the inputs and outcomes of our discounted cash flow analysis
against available market data. As a result of our impairment tests, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of$2.8 billion in the third quarter of 2024 within
restructuring and other, most of which related to our Mobileye reporting unit, as the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was lower than the assigned carrying value. The
process of valuing each reporting unit is inherently subjective as valuation models require the application of significant estimates and the use of unobservable inputs, including
market segment share, projected financial information, and discount rates. No impairment was required for our other reporting units, even when considering a hypothetical
increase in the discount rate of 1%, which would cause a significant decrease in the estimated fair value of the respective non-impaired reporting units. Finally, to corroborate our
estimated fair value, we performed a market capitalization reconciliation as of September 28, 2024, concluding that the implied control premium was reasonable. The
accumulated impairment loss as of December 28, 2024 was$3.9 billion:$2.6 billion associated with Mobileye,$364 million associated with CCG,$275 million associated with
DCAI,$79 million associated with NEX, and the remainder associated with other reporting units.

In the first quarter of 2024, as a result of modifying our segment reporting, we reallocated goodwill among our affected reporting units on a relative fair value basis. We performed
a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each of our reporting units immediately before and after our business reorganization. We concluded, based on our prereorganization impairment test, that goodwill was not impaired. As a result of our post-reorganization impairment test, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment loss of$222 million within restructuring and other in the first quarter of 2024 related to our Intel Foundry reporting unit, as the estimated fair value of the new reporting unit was lower
than the assigned carrying value, which includes substantially all of our allocated property, plant, and equipment. The Intel Foundry reporting unit has no remaining goodwill. At
the conclusion of our impairment assessment performed during the first quarter of 2024, the fair value substantially exceeded the carrying value for all remaining reporting units.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 12 :

Identified Intangible Assets

(In Millions)
Developed technology
Customer relationships and brands
Licensed technology and patents
Internal-use software
Other non-amortizing intangibles
Total identified intangible assets

Gross Assets

December 28, 2024

Accumulated
Amortization

Net

Gross Assets

December 30, 2023

Accumulated
Amortization

Net$$8,007$1,907 
3,387 
13,433$(6,445)$(1,372)
(1,852)
(73)
— 
(9,742)$1,562$1,535 
3,691$10,520$1,986 
3,088 
— 
15,599$(7,996)$(1,286)
(1,728)
— 
— 
(11,010)$2,524 
1,360 
— 
4,589 

During 2024 and 2023, we entered into and/or renewed several licensed technology arrangements totaling$562 million and$309 million respectively, which are subject to
amortization.

Amortization expenses recorded for and the weighted average useful life assigned to identified intangible assets in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for each period
were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)
Developed technology
Customer relationships and brands
Licensed technology and patents
Internal-use software

Total amortization expenses

Location

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

Cost of sales
Marketing, general, and administrative
Cost of sales
Marketing, general, and administrative$$879$1,428$1,235$— 
1,755$1,341 
— 
1,907 


Weighted Average
Useful Life
9 years
12 years
12 years
5 years


Represents weighted average useful life in years of intangible assets as of December 28, 2024.

We expect future amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter to be as follows:

(In Millions)
Future amortization expenses$998$858$655$431$252$Thereafter

493$Total
3,687 

Note 13 :

Borrowings

Short-Term Debt

Short-term debt, which primarily includes the current portion of long-term debt, was$3.7 billion as of December 28, 2024, and$2.3 billion as of December 30, 2023. The current
portion of long-term debt includes debt classified as short-term based on time remaining until maturity.

We have an ongoing authorization from our Board of Directors to borrow up to$10.0 billion under our commercial paper program. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30,
2023, we had no commercial paper outstanding.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Long-Term Debt

($In Millions)
Fixed-rate senior notes:
2.88%, due May 2024
2.70%, due June 2024
3.40%, due March 2025
3.70%, due July 2025
4.88%, due February 2026
2.60%, due May 2026
3.75%, due March 2027
3.15%, due May 2027
3.75%, due August 2027
4.88%, due February 2028
1.60%, due August 2028
4.00%, due August 2029
2.45%, due November 2029
5.13%, due February 2030
3.90%, due March 2030
5.00%, due February 2031
2.00%, due August 2031
4.15%, due August 2032
4.00%, due December 2032
5.20%, due February 2033
5.15%, due February 2034
4.60%, due March 2040
2.80%, due August 2041
4.80%, due October 2041
4.25%, due December 2042
5.63%, due February 2043
4.90%, due July 2045
4.10%, due May 2046
4.10%, due May 2047
4.10%, due August 2047
3.73%, due December 2047
3.25%, due November 2049
4.75%, due March 2050
3.05%, due August 2051
4.90%, due August 2052
5.70%, due February 2053
5.60%, due February 2054
3.10%, due February 2060
4.95%, due March 2060
3.20%, due August 2061
5.05%, due August 2062
5.90%, due February 2063

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Effective Interest
Rate

Amount

Amount$—%—%3.44%7.49%4.93%5.97%3.78%6.54%3.81%4.92%1.67%4.05%2.38%5.14%3.91%4.99%2.02%4.17%6.59%5.23%5.20%4.59%2.81%7.33%6.70%5.61%7.46%6.74%6.70%6.27%7.11%3.19%4.73%3.05%4.89%5.68%5.61%3.10%4.98%3.20%5.03%5.88%—$— 
1,500 
2,250 
1,500 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,250 
1,750 
1,000 
2,000 
1,250 
1,500 
1,250 
1,250 
2,250 
1,000 
1,250 
1,000 
1,967 
2,000 
2,250 
1,250 
1,750 
2,000 
1,150 
1,000 
1,000 
1,250 

1,250 
1,500 
2,250 
1,500 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,250 
1,750 
1,000 
2,000 
1,250 
1,500 
— 
1,250 
1,250 
2,250 
— 
1,000 
1,250 
1,000 
1,967 
2,000 
2,250 
1,250 
1,750 
2,000 
— 
1,000 
1,000 
1,250 

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
($In Millions)

Oregon and Arizona bonds :

3.80%- 4.10%, due December 2035 - 2040
5.00%, due September 2042
5.00%, due June 2049
4.00%, due June 2049
5.00%, due September 2052

Total senior notes and other borrowings

Unamortized premium/discount, issuance costs and other
Hedge accounting fair value adjustments

Long-term debt

Current portion of long-term debt


Total long-term debt

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Effective Interest
Rate

Amount

Amount

3.87%3.63%—%3.99%4.24%— 
50,985 
(392)
(582)
50,011 
(3,729)
46,282$— 
50,285 
(445)
(574)
49,266 
(2,288)
46,978$These bonds may be remarketed or tendered on a periodic basis and will be classified within the current portion of long-term debt in the 12 months before remarketing or tendering.
 As of December 28, 2024, current portion of long-term debt includes$36M of hedge accounting fair value adjustments ($0 as of December 30, 2023)

Senior Notes

In 2024, we issued a total of$2.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, and settled in cash$1.9 billion of our senior notes that matured in May 2024 and June 2024.

In 2023, we issued a total of$11.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes.

Our fixed-rate senior notes pay interest semiannually. We may redeem the fixed-rate notes prior to their maturity at our option at specified redemption prices and subject to
certain restrictions. The obligations under the notes rank equally in right of payment with all of our other existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and will effectively
rank junior to all liabilities of our subsidiaries.

Oregon and Arizona Bonds

In 2024, we remarketed$438 million aggregate principal amount of bonds issued by the Industrial Development Authority of the City of Chandler, Arizona. In accordance with
loan agreements we entered into with the Industrial Development Authority of the City of Chandler, Arizona, the bonds are unsecured general obligations. The bonds mature in
2049 and have a 4.0%coupon. The bonds are subject to optional tender starting in February 2029 and mandatory tender in June 2029, at which time we may remarket the
bonds for a new term period.

In 2023, we remarketed$423 million aggregate principal amount of bonds issued by the Industrial Development Authority of the City of Chandler, Arizona (the Arizona bonds)
and the State of Oregon Business Development Commission (the Oregon bonds). The bonds are unsecured general obligations in accordance with loan agreements we entered
into with each of the Industrial Development Authority of the City of Chandler, Arizona (CIDA) and the State of Oregon Business Development Commission. The bonds mature in
2035 and 2040 and have 3.8%and 4.1%coupons. Both the Arizona and Oregon bonds are subject to optional tender starting in February 2028 and mandatory tender in June
2028, at which time we may remarket the bonds for a new term period.

Revolving Credit Facilities

In 2024, we expanded both our 5-year$5.0 billion revolving credit facility agreement and our 364-day$5.0 billion credit facility agreement, to$7.0 billion and$8.0 billion,
respectively, and the maturity dates were extended by one year to February 2029 and January 2025, respectively. These credit facilities are unsecured general obligations. The
revolving credit facilities had no borrowings outstanding as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.

In January 2025, we amended our 364-day$8.0 billion credit facility agreement to$5.0 billion, and the maturity date was extended by one year to January 2026.

Debt Maturities

Our aggregate debt maturities, based on outstanding principal as of December 28, 2024, by year payable, are as follows:

(In Millions)






2030 and thereafter

Total$3,750$2,500$3,826$3,173$3,288$34,448$50,985 

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Note 14 :

Fair Value

Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

(In Millions)
Assets
Cash equivalents:
Corporate debt
Financial institution instruments
Reverse repurchase agreements


Short-term investments:

Corporate debt
Financial institution instruments
Government debt
Other current assets:
Derivative assets



Marketable equity securities
Other long-term assets:
Derivative assets

Total assets measured and recorded at fair value
Liabilities
Other accrued liabilities:
Derivative liabilities
Other long-term liabilities:
Derivative liabilities


Total liabilities measured and recorded at fair value$$$December 28, 2024

December 30, 2023

Fair Value Measurements

Fair Value Measurements

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total$—$—$4,121 

— 

— 


— 
5,545$2,654 

5,365 
3,356 
4,864 

— 


17,716$—$— 

— 

— 
— 
— 

— 
— 

—$—$4,864 

2,654 

5,365 
3,551 
4,897 

1,081 

2,241 

—

—
— 

1,194 

769$—$—

2,554 

6,951 
4,215 
6,756 

— 

—

—
—
—

—
—

3,076 

2,554 

6,951 
4,248 
6,756 

1,175 
1,194 

— 
—$23,261$—
3,834$22,910$— 
—$26,744 

—$562$134$696$—$541$$— 
—$978$889$1,171 
1,867$—
—$1,020$—$1,119 

1.

2.

3.

Level 1 investments consist of money market funds. Level 2 investments consist primarily of certificates of deposit, commercial paper, time deposits, notes, and bonds issued by financial
institutions
Level 1 investments consist primarily of US Treasury securities. Level 2 investments consist primarily of non-US government debt
Level 3 derivative liabilities include liquidated damage provisions related to our Ireland SCIP arrangement

Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis

Our non-marketable equity investments, equity method investments, and certain non-financial assets—such as intangible assets, goodwill, and property, plant, and equipment—
are recorded at fair value only if an impairment or observable price adjustment is recognized in the current period. If an observable price adjustment or impairment is recognized
on our non-marketable equity investments during the period, we classify these assets as Level 3. Similarly, impairments recognized on our goodwill, intangible assets, and
property, plant, and equipment are categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy, as we utilize unobservable inputs such as prospective financial information, market
segment growth rates, and discount rates in the fair value measurement process.

Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

Financial instruments not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis include non-marketable equity investments and equity method investments that have not been remeasured
or impaired in the current period, grants receivable, certain other receivables, and issued debt.

We classify the fair value of grants receivable as Level 2. The estimated fair value of these financial assets approximates their carrying value. The aggregate carrying value of
grants receivable as of December 28, 2024 was$1.7 billion (the aggregate carrying value of grants receivable as of December 30, 2023 was$559 million).

We classify the fair value of issued debt (excluding commercial paper) as Level 2. The fair value of these instruments was$43.5 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($47.6 billion as
of December 30, 2023).

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Note 15 :

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component and related tax effects for each period were as follows:

(In Millions)
Balance as of December 25, 2021
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss
Tax effects
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance as of December 31, 2022
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss
Tax effects
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance as of December 30, 2023
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss
Tax effects
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance as of December 28, 2024

Note 16 :

Derivative Financial Instruments

Volume of Derivative Activity

Unrealized Holding
Gains (Losses) on
Derivatives

Actuarial Valuation
and Other Pension
Expenses

Translation
Adjustments and
Other

Total$$211$(910)
(10)
(510)
(299)
(59)
(27)
(652)
(555)
(582)$(1,114)$(150)
(259)
(24)
(193)
(5)
(133)$23$(28)
(6)
(27)
(4)
— 
(2)
(4)
(1)
4$(880)
(15)
(153)
(562)
(85)
(215)
(602)
(3)
(496)
(711)

The total gross notional amounts for outstanding derivatives (recorded at fair value) at the end of each period were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)

Foreign currency contracts
Interest rate contracts
Other

Total

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$25,472$17,899 
2,593 
45,964$30,064$18,363 
2,103 
50,530$31,603 
16,011 
2,094 
49,708 

The total notional amount of outstanding pay-variable, receive-fixed interest rate swaps was$12.0 billion as of December 28, 2024 and as of December 30, 2023.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Fair Value of Derivative Instruments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In Millions)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:

Foreign currency contracts
Interest rate contracts


Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:


Foreign currency contracts
Interest rate contracts
Equity contracts
Other


Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
Total derivatives





Derivative assets are recorded as other assets, current and long-term.
Derivative liabilities are recorded as other liabilities, current and long-term.
A substantial majority of these instruments mature within 12 months.
Embedded derivative related to our Ireland SCIP arrangement.

Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets

December 28, 2024

December 30, 2023

Assets


Liabilities


Assets


Liabilities$$40$— 

— 
1,042 
1,082$405$— 
1,867$255$— 

— 
1,196$— 
— 
1,119 

Agreements subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cash collateral posted under such agreements at the end of each period were
as follows:

December 28, 2024

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Balance Sheet

Gross Amounts
Recognized

Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Balance Sheet

Net Amounts
Presented in the
Balance Sheet

Financial
Instruments

Cash and NonCash Collateral
Received or
Pledged

Net Amount

(In Millions)
Assets:

Derivative assets subject to master netting
arrangements

Reverse repurchase agreements

Total assets
Liabilities:

Derivative liabilities subject to master netting
arrangements

Total liabilities$$$948$2,654 
3,602$1,084 
1,084$—$— 
—$— 
—$948$2,654 
3,602$(269)$— 
(269)$(679)$(2,654)
(3,333)$1,084 
1,084$(269)
(269)$(745)
(745)$— 
— 
— 


Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
December 30, 2023

Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Balance Sheet

Gross Amounts
Recognized

Gross Amounts
Offset in the
Balance Sheet

Net Amounts
Presented in the
Balance Sheet

Financial
Instruments

Cash and NonCash Collateral
Received or
Pledged

Net Amount

(In Millions)
Assets:

Derivative assets subject to master netting
arrangements
Reverse repurchase agreements

Total assets
Liabilities:

Derivative liabilities subject to master netting
arrangements

Total liabilities$$$1,047$2,554 
3,601$1,111 
1,111$—$— 
—$— 
—$1,047$2,554 
3,601$(617)$— 
(617)$(430)$(2,554)
(2,984)$1,111 
1,111$(617)
(617)$(399)
(399)$— 
— 
— 


We obtain and secure available collateral from counterparties against obligations, including securities lending transactions and reverse repurchase agreements, when we deem it
appropriate.

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships

The before-tax net gains or losses attributed to the effective portion of cash flow hedges recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) were$652 million net losses in 2024
($3 million net gains in 2023 and$910 million net losses in 2022). Substantially all of our cash flow hedges are foreign currency contracts for all periods presented.

Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing were$205 million net losses in 2024 ($221 million net losses in 2023 and$117 million net losses in 2022).

For information on the unrealized holding gains (losses) on derivatives reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into the Consolidated Statements of
Operations, see "Note 15: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships

The effects of derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, recognized in interest and other, net for each period were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)
Interest rate contracts
Hedged items
Total

Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Recognized in Consolidated
Statements of Operations
Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022

Dec 28, 2024$$(4)$—$198$(198)

—$(1,551)
1,551 
— 

The amounts recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges for each period were as follows:

Line Items in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Which the Hedged Item Is
Included
Years Ended (In Millions)

Long-term debt
Short-term debt
Total

Carrying Amount of the Hedged Item
Assets/(Liabilities)

Cumulative Amount of Fair Value
Hedging Adjustment Included in the
Carrying Amount Assets/(Liabilities)

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$(9,201)$(2,214)

(11,415)$(11,419)$— 
(11,419)$546$582$— 

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

The effects of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for each period were as follows:

Years Ended (In Millions)
Foreign currency contracts
Interest rate contracts
Other
Total

Location of Gains (Losses)
Recognized in Income on Derivatives

Interest and other, net
Interest and other, net
Various

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$$651$(411)
422$106$481$1,492 
(502)
1,299 

Our Ireland SCIP agreement with Apollo contains construction-related liquidated damage provisions that meet the definition of an embedded derivative that is not clearly and
closely related to the relevant host contract, thus requiring bifurcation and separate accounting as a derivative liability. As of December 28, 2024, we assessed the probability of
paying damages to Apollo and recognized a loss of$755 million in 2024 within Interest and other, net, and a derivative liability within Other long-term liabilities. We will
periodically reassess the probability of paying such liquidated damages and recognize changes in the fair value of the underlying liability through Interest and other, net.

Note 17 :

Retirement Benefit Plans

Defined Contribution Plans

We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans for the benefit of eligible employees, former employees, and retirees in the US and certain other countries. The plans are
designed to provide employees with an accumulation of funds for retirement on a tax-deferred basis. For the benefit of eligible US employees, we also provide an unfunded nontax-qualified supplemental deferred compensation plan for certain highly compensated employees, which had a balance of$3.3 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($2.9 billion as
of December 30, 2023), recorded within other accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

We expensed$541 million in 2024,$272 million in 2023, and$489 million in 2022 for matching contributions based on the amount of employee contributions under the US
qualified defined contribution and non-qualified deferred compensation plans. The matching contribution in the US qualified defined contribution plan was increased from January
1 through December 31, 2024 as compared to 2023 and 2022. The matching contribution in the US qualified defined contribution plan was reduced from March 1 through
December 30, 2023 as compared to 2022.

US Retiree Medical Plan

Upon retirement, we provide certain benefits to eligible US employees who were hired prior to 2014 under the US Retiree Medical Plan. The benefits can be used to pay all or a
portion of the cost to purchase eligible coverage in a medical plan.

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the projected benefit obligations were$493 million and$490 million, which used the discount rates of 5.7%and 5.3%. The
December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 corresponding fair values of plan assets were$542 million and$548 million. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the
US Retiree Medical Plan was in the net asset position.

The investment strategy for US Retiree Medical Plan assets is to invest primarily in liquid assets, due to the level of expected future benefit payments. The assets are invested in
tax-aware global equity and fixed-income long credit portfolios. Both portfolios are actively managed by external managers. The tax-aware global equity portfolio is composed of
a diversified mix of equities in developed countries. The tax-aware fixed-income long credit portfolio is composed of domestic securities. The allocation to each asset class will
fluctuate with market conditions, such as volatility and liquidity concerns, and will typically be rebalanced when outside the target ranges, which are 50%equity and 50%fixedincome investments. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the majority of the US Retiree Medical Plan assets were invested in exchange-traded equity securities
and were measured at fair value using Level 1 inputs. The remaining US Retiree Medical Plan assets were invested in fixed-income investments and were measured at fair value
using Level 2 inputs.

As of December 28, 2024, the estimated benefit payments for this plan over the next 10 years are as follows:

(In Millions)
Postretirement medical benefits$37$45$45$44$44$2030-2034

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Pension Benefit Plans

We provide defined-benefit pension plans in certain countries, most significantly Ireland, the US, Germany, and Israel. The majority of the plans' benefits have been frozen.

Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets for Pension Benefit Plans

The vested benefit obligation for a defined-benefit pension plan is the actuarial present value of the vested benefits to which the employee is currently entitled based on the
employee's expected date of separation or retirement.

Years Ended (In Millions)

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Changes in projected benefit obligation:
Beginning projected benefit obligation
Service cost
Interest cost
Actuarial (gain) loss
Currency exchange rate changes
Plan settlements
Other
Ending projected benefit obligation
Changes in fair value of plan assets:
Beginning fair value of plan assets
Actual return on plan assets
Currency exchange rate changes
Plan settlements
Other
Ending fair value of plan assets



Net unfunded status
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
Other long-term assets
Other long-term liabilities
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), before tax
Accumulated benefit obligation$$$$$$2,825$(40)
(107)
(143)
(44)
2,646 

2,212 
(74)
(143)
2,142 

504$135$639$337$2,509$2,705 
(103)
(35)
2,825 

2,130 
(103)
— 
2,212 

2,706 




The projected benefit obligation was approximately 30%in the US and 70%outside of the US as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.
The fair value of plan assets was approximately 40%in the US and 60%outside of the US as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.
The accumulated other comprehensive loss (income), before tax, was approximately 80%in the US and 20%outside of the US as of December 28, 2024 (approximately 70%in the US and
30%outside of the US as of December 30, 2023).

Changes in actuarial gains and losses in the projected benefit obligation are generally driven by discount rate movement. We use the corridor approach to amortize actuarial
gains and losses. Under this approach, net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10%of the larger of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active plan participants.

As of December 28, 2024, the accumulated benefit obligations were$763 million and$1.7 billion for the US plan and non-US plans, respectively. As of December 30, 2023, the
accumulated benefit obligations were$849 million and$1.9 billion for the US plan and non-US plans, respectively. As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, only nonUS plans had projected benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
(In Millions)

Plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets
Accumulated benefit obligation
Plan assets

Plans with projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets
Projected benefit obligation
Plan assets

Assumptions for Pension Benefit Plans

Years Ended
Weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations
Discount rate
Rate of compensation increase

Years Ended
Weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine costs
Discount rate
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
Rate of compensation increase

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023$$$$850$348$987$348$1,857 
1,301 

1,976 
1,301 

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

4.6%3.4%4.5%5.1%3.3%4.9%5.0%3.7%4.5%3.3%2.2%3.2%3.2%We establish the discount rate for each pension plan by analyzing current market long-term bond rates and matching the bond maturity with the average duration of the pension
liabilities.

We establish the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by developing a forward-looking, long-term return assumption for each pension fund asset class, taking into
account factors such as the expected real return for the specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term rate of return is then calculated as the weighted average of the
target asset allocation percentages and the long-term return assumption for each asset class.

Funding

Our practice is to fund the various pension plans in amounts sufficient to meet the minimum requirements of applicable local laws and regulations. On a worldwide basis, our
pension and retiree medical plans were 86%funded as of December 28, 2024. Funded status is not indicative of our ability to pay ongoing pension benefits or of our obligation to
fund retirement trusts.

Net Periodic Benefit Cost

The net periodic benefit cost for pension and US retiree medical benefits was$69 million in 2024 ($107 million in 2023 and$139 million in 2022).

Pension Plan Assets

(In Millions)

Equity securities
Fixed income
Assets measured by fair value hierarchy
Assets measured at net asset value
Cash and cash equivalents

Total pension plan assets at fair value

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Fair Value Measured at Reporting Date Using

December 28, 2024

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total$$—$— 
—$344$486$—$24$$1,618 
2,142 


 
(In Millions)
Equity securities
Fixed income
Assets measured by fair value hierarchy
Assets measured at net asset value
Cash and cash equivalents
Total pension plan assets at fair value

US Plan Assets

Fair Value Measured at Reporting Date Using

December 30, 2023

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total$$—$— 
—$383$522$—$25$$1,648 
2,212 

The investment strategy for US Pension Plan assets is to manage the funded status volatility, taking into consideration the investment horizon and expected volatility to help
enable sufficient assets to be available to pay pension benefits as they come due. The allocation to each asset class will fluctuate with market conditions, such as volatility and
liquidity concerns, and will typically be rebalanced when outside the target ranges, which are 91%fixed income and 9%equity investments. During 2024 and 2023, the US
Pension Plan assets were invested in collective investment trust funds, which are measured at net asset value.

Non-US Plan Assets

The investments of the non-US plans are managed by insurance companies, pension funds, or third-party trustees, consistent with regulations or market practice of the country
where the assets are invested. The investment manager makes investment decisions within the guidelines set by Intel or local regulations. Investments managed by qualified
insurance companies or pension funds under standard contracts follow local regulations, and we are not actively involved in their investment strategies. For the assets that we
have the discretion to set investment guidelines, the assets are invested in developed country equity investments and fixed-income investments, either through index funds or
direct investment. In general, the investment strategy is designed to accumulate a diversified portfolio among markets, asset classes, or individual securities to reduce market
risk and to help enable sufficient pension assets to be available to pay benefits as they come due. The equity investments in the non-US plan assets are invested in a diversified
mix of equities of developed countries, including the US, and emerging markets throughout the world. We have control over the investment strategy related to the majority of the
assets measured at net asset value, which are invested in hedge funds, bond index funds, and equity index funds. The target allocation of the non-US plan assets that we have
control over was approximately 50%fixed income, 35%equity, and 15%hedge fund investments in 2024.

Estimated Future Benefit Payments for Pension Benefit Plans

As of December 28, 2024, estimated benefit payments over the next 10 years are as follows:

(In Millions)

Pension benefits$145$86$95$97$106$2030-2034


Note 18 :

Employee Equity Incentive Plans

Our equity incentive plans are broad-based, long-term programs intended to attract and retain talented employees and align stockholder and employee interests. Our plans
include our 2006 Plan and our 2006 ESPP.

Under the 2006 Plan, 1.1 billion shares of common stock have been authorized for issuance as equity awards to employees and non-employee directors through June 2026. As
of December 28, 2024, 171 million shares of common stock remained available for future grants.

Under the 2006 Plan, we may grant RSUs and stock options. We grant RSUs with a service condition as well as RSUs with a market condition, performance condition, and a
service condition, which we call PSUs. PSUs are granted to a group of senior officers and employees. For PSUs granted in 2024 and 2023, the number of shares of our common
stock to be received at vesting at the end of the three-year performance period will range from 0%to 200%of the target grant amount. The PSU payout will be determined based
on our performance (i) relative to annual targets for each year in the performance period with respect to a revenue growth metric, weighted 60%, and a cash flow from operations
metric, weighted 40%, which results are then averaged at the end of the three-year performance period; and (ii) as may be adjusted by two equally weighted modifiers: the TSR
of our common stock measured against the benchmark TSR of above median of the S&P 500 Index over a three-year period and revenue CAGR for the three-year performance
period. TSR is a measure of stock price appreciation plus any dividends paid in this performance period. For 2024 PSUs, overall payout will be capped at the target grant amount
if our absolute TSR is negative; additionally, the combined modifiers applied to the payout are capped at +/-25%. As of December 28, 2024, 10 million PSUs were outstanding.
PSUs vest three years and one month following the start of the performance period. Other RSU awards and option awards generally vest over four years from the grant date.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Share-Based Compensation

Share-based compensation recognized in 2024 was$3.4 billion ($3.2 billion in 2023 and$3.1 billion in 2022). During 2024, the actual tax benefit that we realized for the tax
deduction from share-based awards totaled$684 million ($571 million in 2023 and$478 million in 2022). We realized a related tax expense of$139 million in 2024 for the sharebased awards as a result of the shortfall between the tax deduction being less than the associated deferred tax asset for the awards.

We estimate the fair value of RSUs and PSUs with a service condition or performance condition using the value of our common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the
present value of dividends expected to be paid on our shares of common stock prior to vesting. We estimate the fair value of PSUs with a market condition using a Monte Carlo
simulation model as of the date of grant using historical volatility. 

Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units

Weighted average assumptions used in estimating grant values were as follows:

Years Ended

Estimated values
Risk-free interest rate
Dividend yield
Volatility

Summary of activities:

Balance as of December 30, 2023
Granted
Vested
Forfeited
Balance as of December 28, 2024

Expected to vest

Dec 28, 2024

Dec 30, 2023

Dec 31, 2022$39.51$28.92$41.12 

4.7%1.2%36%4.7%1.6%36%2.2%3.4%40%Number of Stock Units
Outstanding (In
Millions)

Weighted Average
Grant-Date Fair Value

172.9$64.5 
(83.8)
(36.2)
117.4$104.3$37.05 
39.51 
40.33 
35.54 
36.52 
36.70 

The aggregate fair value of awards that vested in 2024 was$2.4 billion ($2.2 billion in 2023 and$2.0 billion in 2022), which represents the market value of our common stock on
the date that the RSUs vested. The grant-date fair value of awards that vested in 2024 was$3.4 billion ($2.7 billion in 2023 and$2.5 billion in 2022). The number of RSUs vested
includes shares of common stock that we withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. RSUs that are expected to vest are net
of estimated future forfeitures.

As of December 28, 2024, unrecognized compensation costs related to RSUs granted under our equity incentive plans were$2.7 billion. We expect to recognize those costs
over a weighted average period of 1.1 years.

Stock Purchase Plan

The 2006 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at 85%of the value of our common stock on specific dates. Under the 2006 ESPP, 523
million shares of common stock are authorized for issuance through August 2026. As of December 28, 2024, 118 million shares of common stock remained available for
issuance.

Employees purchased 39 million shares of common stock in 2024 for$972 million under the 2006 ESPP (43 million shares of common stock for$1.0 billion in 2023 and 27
million shares of common stock for$931 million in 2022). As of December 28, 2024, unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to rights to acquire shares of
common stock under the 2006 ESPP totaled$63 million. We expect to recognize those costs over a period of approximately two months.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 19 :

Commitments and Contingencies

Leases

We recognized operating leased assets in other long-term assets of$457 million ($505 million in 2023) and corresponding accrued liabilities of$181 million ($142 million in
2023), and other long-term liabilities of$279 million as of December 28, 2024 ($289 million in 2023). Our operating leases have remaining terms of 1 to 12 years and may
include options to extend the leases for up to 37 years. The weighted average remaining lease term was 6.5 years, and the weighted average discount rate was 4.9%as of
December 28, 2024 for our operating leases.

Operating lease expense was$248 million in 2024 ($407 million in 2023 and$729 million in 2022), including$98 million in variable lease expense in 2024 ($213 million in 2023
and$551 million in 2022).

We recognized finance leased assets in property, plant, and equipment of$470 million as of December 28, 2024 ($619 million as of December 30, 2023) of which the majority is
related to a prepaid finance lease for supplier capacity. This lease will commence upon start of supplier production and has a term of 6 years.

We also incurred non-cash impairment charges of$83 million on certain operating leased assets as a direct result of the 2024 Restructuring Plan (see "Note 7: Restructuring and
Other Charges" within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). These charges were included within restructuring and other in the third quarter of 2024.

Discounted and undiscounted lease payments under non-cancelable leases as of December 28, 2024, were as follows:

(In Millions)
Operating lease payments
Finance lease payments
Present value of lease payments

Commitments






 Thereafter

Total$$112$107$74$106$59$16$46$6$42$—$119$—$$Commitments for capital expenditures totaled$20.0 billion as of December 28, 2024 ($27.5 billion as of December 30, 2023), a majority of which will be due within the next 12
months. Other purchase obligations and commitments totaled approximately$7.0 billion as of December 28, 2024 (approximately$8.3 billion as of December 30, 2023).

Other purchase obligations and commitments include payments due under supply agreements and various types of licenses and agreements to purchase goods or services.
Contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services relate to agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or
minimum quantities; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Other purchase obligations reflect the non-cancelable portion or
the minimum cancellation fee under the agreement.

Other purchase commitments also include our unrecognized commitment to fund our respective share of the total construction costs of Arizona SCIP in connection with the
definitive agreement entered into with Brookfield during 2022. Our remaining unfunded contribution was$10.5 billion as of December 28, 2024.

Legal Proceedings

We are regularly party to various ongoing claims, litigation, and other proceedings, including those noted in this section. As of December 28, 2024, we have accrued a charge of$1.0 billion related to litigation involving VLSI and a charge of$401 million related to an EC-imposed fine, both as described below. Excluding the VLSI claims described below,
management at present believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, results of
operations, cash flows, or overall trends; however, legal proceedings and related government investigations are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings,
excessive verdicts, or other events could occur. Unfavorable resolutions could include substantial monetary damages, fines, or penalties. Certain of these outstanding matters
include speculative, substantial, or indeterminate monetary awards. In addition, in matters for which injunctive relief or other conduct remedies are sought, unfavorable
resolutions could include an injunction or other order prohibiting us from selling one or more products at all or in particular ways, precluding particular business practices, or
requiring other remedies. An unfavorable outcome may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and overall trends. We might
also conclude that settling one or more such matters is in the best interests of our stockholders, employees, and customers, and any such settlement could include substantial
payments. Except as specifically described below, we have not concluded that settlement of any of the legal proceedings noted in this section is appropriate at this time.

In addition, in the second quarter of 2024, we accrued a charge of$780 million within restructuring and other related to three separate confidential settlement agreements with
R2, Third Point, and TRGP (see R2 Semiconductor Patent Litigation below). The remaining unpaid liability was$655 million as of December 28, 2024.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

European Commission Competition Matter

In 2009, the EC found that we had used unfair business practices to persuade customers to buy microprocessors in violation of Article 82 of the EC Treaty (later renumbered
Article 102) and Article 54 of the European Economic Area Agreement. In general, the EC found that we violated Article 82 by offering alleged “conditional rebates and payments”
that required customers to purchase all or most of their x86 microprocessors from us and by making alleged “payments to prevent sales of specific rival products.” The EC
ordered us to end the alleged infringement referred to in its decision and imposed a €1.1 billion fine, which we paid in the third quarter of 2009.

We appealed the EC decision to the European Court of Justice in 2014, after the General Court (then called the Court of First Instance) rejected our appeal of the EC decision in
its entirety. In September 2017, the Court of Justice sent the case back to the General Court to examine whether the rebates at issue were capable of restricting competition. In
January 2022, the General Court annulled the EC's 2009 findings against us regarding rebates, as well as the €1.1 billion fine imposed on Intel, which was returned to us in
February 2022. The General Court's January 2022 decision did not annul the EC's 2009 finding that we made payments to prevent sales of specific rival products.

In April 2022, the EC appealed the General Court's findings regarding rebates to the Court of Justice. In October 2024, the Court of Justice dismissed the EC's appeal, upholding
the judgment of the General Court.

In September 2023, the EC imposed a €376 million ($401 million) fine against us based on its 2009 finding that we made payments to prevent sales of specific rival products. We
have appealed the EC's decision. We have accrued a charge for the fine and are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the potential loss or range of losses in excess of this
amount given the procedural posture and the nature of these proceedings.

In a related matter, in April 2022, we filed applications with the General Court seeking an order requiring the EC to pay us approximately €593 million ($647 million) in default
interest on the original €1.1 billion ($1.2 billion) fine that was held by the EC for 12 years. In November 2024, the EC paid us approximately €516 million ($560 million) in
settlement of the applications.

Litigation Related to Security Vulnerabilities

In June 2017, a Google research team notified Intel and other companies that it had identified security vulnerabilities, the first variants of which are now commonly referred to as
“Spectre” and “Meltdown,” that affect many types of microprocessors, including our products. As is standard when findings like these are presented, we worked together with
other companies in the industry to verify the research and develop and validate software and firmware updates for impacted technologies. In January 2018, information on the
security vulnerabilities was publicly reported, before software and firmware updates to address the vulnerabilities were made widely available.

Consumer class action lawsuits against us were pending in the US and Canada. The plaintiffs, who purport to represent various classes of purchasers of our products, generally
claim to have been harmed by our actions and/or omissions in connection with Spectre, Meltdown, and other variants of this class of security vulnerabilities that have been
identified since 2018, and assert a variety of common law and statutory claims seeking monetary damages and equitable relief. In the US, class action suits filed in various
jurisdictions between 2018 and 2021 were consolidated for all pretrial proceedings in the US District Court for the District of Oregon, which entered final judgment in favor of Intel
in July 2022 based on plaintiffs' failure to plead a viable claim. The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the district court's judgment in November 2023, ending the litigation. In
November 2023, new plaintiffs filed a consumer class action complaint in the US District Court for the Northern District of California with respect to a further vulnerability variant
disclosed in August 2023 and commonly referred to as “Downfall.” In August 2024, the district court dismissed plaintiffs' complaint for failure to plead a viable claim. Plaintiffs filed
an amended complaint in September 2024, which we moved to dismiss in October 2024. In Canada, an initial status conference has not yet been scheduled in one case relating
to Spectre and Meltdown pending in the Superior Court of Justice of Ontario, and a stay of a second case pending in the Superior Court of Justice of Quebec is in effect.
Additional lawsuits and claims may be asserted seeking monetary damages or other related relief. Given the procedural posture and the nature of these cases, including that the
pending proceedings are in the early stages, that alleged damages have not been specified, that uncertainty exists as to the likelihood of a class or classes being certified or the
ultimate size of any class or classes if certified, and that there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the
potential loss or range of losses, if any, that might arise from these matters.

Litigation Related to Segment Reporting and Internal Foundry Model

A securities class action lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the Northern District of California in May 2024 against us and certain officers following the modification of our
segment reporting in the first quarter of 2024 to align to our new internal foundry operating model. In August 2024 the court ordered the case consolidated with a second, similar
lawsuit, and in October 2024 plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint generally alleging that defendants violated the federal securities laws by making false or
misleading statements about the growth and prospects of the foundry business and seeking monetary damages on behalf of all persons and entities that purchased or otherwise
acquired our common stock or purchased call options or sold put options on our common stock from January 25, 2024 through August 1, 2024. We filed a motion to dismiss the
amended consolidated complaint in December 2024. Given the procedural posture and the nature of the case, including that it is in the early stages, that alleged damages have
not been specified, that uncertainty exists as to the likelihood of a class being certified or the ultimate size of any class if certified, and that there are significant factual and legal
issues to be resolved, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the potential loss or range of losses, if any, that might arise from the matter.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Several stockholder derivative lawsuits have been filed in the Delaware state and federal courts since the filing of the securities class action lawsuit alleging that our directors and
certain officers breached their fiduciary duties and violated the federal securities laws by making or allowing the statements that are challenged in the securities class action
lawsuit. A similar derivative lawsuit was filed in the US District Court for the Northern District of California in December 2024, and transferred to the Delaware federal court in
January 2025. In each derivative lawsuit, the plaintiff seeks to recover damages from the defendants on behalf of Intel. By stipulation of the parties, the Delaware state and
federal courts have ordered the cases before them stayed pending certain developments in the securities class action lawsuit.

Litigation Related to Patent and IP Claims

We have had IP infringement lawsuits filed against us, including but not limited to those discussed below. Most involve claims that certain of our products, services, and
technologies infringe others' IP rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial fines and penalties, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders
preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. As a result, we may have to change our business practices, and develop non-infringing
products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenue for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, certain agreements with our customers require us to
indemnify them against certain IP infringement claims, which can increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages,
accept product returns, or supply our customers with non-infringing products if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may
discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenue and adversely affect our business.

VLSI Technology LLC v. Intel

In October 2017, VLSI Technology LLC (VLSI) filed a complaint against us in the US District Court for the Northern District of California alleging that various Intel FPGA and
processor products infringe eight patents VLSI acquired from NXP Semiconductors, N.V. (NXP). VLSI sought damages, attorneys' fees, costs, and interest. Intel prevailed on all
eight patents and the court entered final judgment in April 2024. VLSI appealed the Court's judgment of non-infringement as to one of the eight patents. In April 2019, VLSI filed
three infringement suits against us in the US District Court for the Western District of Texas accusing various of our processors of infringement of eight additional patents it had
acquired from NXP:

▪

▪

▪

The first Texas case went to trial in February 2021, and the jury awarded VLSI$1.5 billion for literal infringement of one patent and$675 million for infringement of
another patent under the doctrine of equivalents. In April 2022, the court entered final judgment, awarding VLSI$2.2 billion in damages and approximately$162 million
in pre-judgment and post-judgment interest. We appealed the judgment to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals, including the court's rejection of Intel's claim to have a
license from Fortress Investment Group's acquisition of Finjan. The Federal Circuit Court heard oral argument in October 2023. In December 2023, the Federal Circuit
reversed the finding of infringement as to the patent for which VLSI was awarded$675 million. The Federal Circuit affirmed the finding of infringement as to the patent
for which VLSI had been awarded$1.5 billion, but vacated the damages award and sent the case back to the trial court for further damages proceedings on that patent.
The Federal Circuit also ruled that Intel can advance the defense that it is licensed to VLSI's patents. In December 2021 and January 2022 the Patent Trial and Appeal
Board (PTAB) instituted Inter Partes Reviews (IPR) on the claims found to have been infringed in the first Texas case, and in May and June 2023 found all of those
claims unpatentable; VLSI has appealed the PTAB's decisions. In April 2024, Intel moved to add the defense that it is licensed to VLSI's patents. The motion remains
pending.

The second Texas case went to trial in April 2021, and the jury found that we do not infringe the asserted patents. VLSI had sought approximately$3.0 billion for alleged
infringement, plus enhanced damages for willful infringement. In September 2024, the court denied VLSI's motion for a new trial. Other post-trial motions remain
pending, and the court has not yet entered final judgment.

The third Texas case went to trial in November 2022, with VLSI asserting one remaining patent. The jury found the patent valid and infringed, and awarded VLSI
approximately$949 million in damages, plus interest and a running royalty. The court has not yet entered final judgment. In February 2023, we filed motions for a new
trial and for judgment as a matter of law notwithstanding the verdict on various grounds. Further appeals are possible. In April 2024, Intel moved to add the defense that
it is licensed to VLSI's patents, and the court granted Intel's motion that same month. Trial on the license defense has been set for May 2025.

In May 2019, VLSI filed a case in Shenzhen Intermediate People's Court against Intel, Intel (China) Co., Ltd., Intel Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and Intel Products (Chengdu)
Co., Ltd. VLSI asserted one patent against certain Intel Core processors. Defendants filed an invalidation petition in October 2019 with the China National Intellectual Property
Administration (CNIPA) which held a hearing in September 2021. The Shenzhen court held trial proceedings in July 2021 and September 2023. VLSI sought an injunction as well
as RMB 1.3 million in costs and expenses, but no damages. In September 2023, the CNIPA invalidated every claim of the asserted patent. In November 2023, the trial court
dismissed VLSI's case.

In May 2019, VLSI filed a case in Shanghai Intellectual Property Court against Intel (China) Co., Ltd., Intel Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and Intel Products (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.
asserting one patent against certain Intel core processors. The court held a trial hearing in December 2020, where VLSI requested expenses (RMB 300 thousand) and an
injunction. In December 2022, we filed a petition to invalidate the patent at issue. In February 2024, the patent was found not invalid, and Intel appealed the decision in May
2024. The appeal remains pending. The court held a second trial hearing in May 2022, and in October 2023, issued a decision finding no infringement and dismissing all claims.
In November 2023, VLSI appealed the finding of non-infringement to the Supreme People's Court. The Supreme People's Court held an evidentiary hearing in October 2024, and
a trial in November 2024.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

In July 2024, Intel filed suit against VLSI in US District Court for the District of Delaware requesting the court find Intel is licensed to VLSI's patents. In September 2024, VLSI filed
motions requesting that Intel's complaint be dismissed, transferred, or stayed.

As of December 28, 2024, we have accrued a charge of approximately$1.0 billion related to the VLSI litigation. While we dispute VLSI's claims and intend to vigorously defend
against them, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of losses in excess of recorded amounts given recent developments and future proceedings.

R2 Semiconductor Patent Litigation

In November 2022, R2 Semiconductor, Inc. (R2) filed a lawsuit in the High Court of Justice in the UK against Intel Corporation (UK) Limited and Intel Corporation, and a lawsuit in
the Dusseldorf Regional Court in Germany against Intel Deutschland GmbH and certain Intel customers. R2 asserts one European patent is infringed by Intel's Ice Lake, Tiger
Lake, Alder Lake, and Ice Lake Server (Xeon) processors (the accused products), and customer servers and laptops that contain those processors. In July 2024, the UK High
Court of Justice found the UK part of R2's European patent invalid. In February 2024, the Dusseldorf court found Intel's processors infringe and issued an injunction and recall
order against Intel and its customers. In March 2024, R2 asserted the same patent against Fujitsu and Amazon Web Services in Dusseldorf Regional Court, accusing Ice Lake
and Sapphire Rapids in the AWS suit; and Tiger Lake, Ice Lake, Alder Lake, Raptor Lake, and Sapphire Rapids in the Fujitsu suit. R2 seeks an injunction, recall, and damages.
Intel is indemnifying and defending its customers. In March 2024, Intel Corporation Italia S.P.A. filed an action in the Tribunale di Milano seeking an order that Intel processors do
not infringe R2's patent. In May 2024, R2 filed suit in Milan against Intel Corporation Italia S.P.A. and Italian affiliates of customers Dell, HP, and HPE, accusing Intel's Ice Lake
(server and client), Tiger Lake, Alder Lake, and Raptor Lake processors of infringing its patent, and requesting that its suit be consolidated with Intel Corporation Italia S.P.A.'s
suit. R2 is requesting an injunction and damages. In April 2024, R2 filed an action against Intel and its customers Dell, HP, and HPE for patent infringement before the Tribunal
Judiciaire of Paris. R2 sought an injunction. Intel and its customers filed a nullity action against the patent in France.

In light of the potential disruption to Intel's and its customers' businesses in Europe were the Dusseldorf Regional Court's injunction and recall order to be enforced before a
decision by the appeals court was expected, the significant delay expected before a decision by the appeals court, and the additional ongoing and potential litigation across other
jurisdictions and with respect to other Intel processors and customers, in August 2024 Intel entered into three separate confidential agreements with R2, Third Point (the
controlling shareholder), and TRGP Capital (a third-party organization funding the lawsuits) to resolve the injunction enforcement risk and related pending litigation, and provide
for broad-based litigation peace with these entities, which included rights to other technology and services to Intel. Across the three agreements, Intel expects to pay an
aggregate amount of$780 million.

Business Interruption Insurance Proceeds

We received$484 million of insurance proceeds, primarily in the fourth quarter of 2022, to compensate for business interruption and property damage from a temporary electrical
breakdown that occurred at one of our facilities in 2020. We recognized these receipts as a reduction of cost of sales.

Financial Statements

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


 
Key Terms

We use terms throughout our document that are specific to Intel or that are abbreviations that may not be commonly known or used. Below is a list of these terms used in our
document.

Term

2006 ESPP
2006 Plan
2024 Restructuring Plan

2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
2006 Equity Incentive Plan
Cost and capital reduction initiatives approved by management, the board of directors or the Audit & Finance Committee of the board of directors
designed to adjust spending to current business trends and achieve objectives announced in Q3 2024 with respect to reducing operating expenses,
reducing capital expenditures and reducing cost of sales while enabling Intel's new operating model and continuing to fund investments in Intel's
core strategy.

Definition

5G

AI

AI PC
Apollo
ARM

ASIC

ASP
BEPS

Brookfield
CAGR

CCG

CHIPS Act
CDP

CEO
CODMs

COVID-19
CPU

CSP
CXL
DCAI

EC
EEO-1

ESG
EUV

Exchange Act

2023 Form 10-K
FPGA

GenAI
GPU

GRI

High-NA EUV
HPC

Intel

IMS
Internet of Things
IP

IPO

The fifth-generation mobile network, which brings dramatic improvements in network speeds and latency, and which we view as a transformative
technology and opportunity for many industries

Artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence personal computer
Apollo Global Management, Inc.
Advanced RISC machine

Application-specific integrated circuit
Average selling price

Base erosion and profit shifting

Brookfield Asset Management
Compound annual growth rate
Client Computing Group operating segment

Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America Act

A nonprofit organization that runs a global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states, and regions to manage their environmental
impacts
Chief executive officer

Chief operating decision makers

The infectious disease caused by coronavirus (aka SARS-CoV-2), which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization
Processor or central processing unit

Cloud service provider
Compute Express Link, an open standard for high-speed CPU-to-device and CPU-to-memory connections

Data Center and Artificial Intelligence operating segment

European Commission
EEO-1 Component 1 report, a mandatory annual data collection that requires employers meeting certain criteria to submit demographic workforce
data, including data by race/ethnicity, sex, and job categories.

Environmental, social, and governance
Extreme ultraviolet lithography

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023

Field-programmable gate array

Generative AI, deep-learning models that can generate high-quality text, images, and other content based on the data they were trained on
Graphics processing unit

Global Reporting Initiative
High Numerical Aperture Extreme Ultraviolet
High-performance computing

Intel Corporation

IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, a business within Intel Foundry that develops and produces electron-beam systems for the semiconductor industry

Internet of Things market in which we sell our NEX and Mobileye products
Intellectual property
Initial public offering

Supplemental Details


IPU

MaaS
MD&A

MG&A
NAND

NEX

nm
NPU

ODM
OECD

OEM

oneAPI
PSU

RAN

R&D
RDFV

RISC-V
RSU
SaaS

SASB

SCIP

SEC
Smart Capital

SoC

SOFR
Systems foundry

TAM

Tax Reform

TCFD
TSR
US GAAP

US Pension Plan
US Retiree Medical Plan

VIE

vRAN
xPU

Infrastructure processing unit, a programmable networking device designed to enable cloud and communication service providers to reduce
overhead and free up performance for CPUs

Mobility as a service

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Marketing, general, and administrative
NAND flash memory
Networking and Edge operating segment

Nanometer
Neural processing unit

Original design manufacturer

Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development

Original equipment manufacturer

Open, cross-architecture programming model that frees developers to use a single code base across multiple architectures
Performance stock unit
Radio access network

Research and development
Readily determinable fair value

Reduced Instruction Set Computer, version five

Restricted stock unit
Software as a service

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
Semiconductor Co-Investment Program

US Securities and Exchange Commission

Our Smart Capital approach accelerates progress on our strategy. This approach is designed to enable us to adjust quickly to opportunities in the
market, while managing our margin structure and capital spending. The elements of Smart Capital include capacity investments, government
incentives, customer commitments, continued use of external foundries.
System on a chip, which integrates most of the components of a computer or other electronic system into a single silicon chip. We offer a range of
SoC products in CCG, DCAI, and NEX. Our DCAI and NEX businesses offer SoCs across many market segments for a variety of applications,
including products targeted for 5G base stations and network infrastructure
Secured Overnight Financing Rate, a benchmark interest rate for US-dollar-denominated derivatives and loans, replacing LIBOR
A service provider that offers end-to-end semiconductor manufacturing and design solutions

Total addressable market
US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
Total stockholder return

US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

US Intel Minimum Pension Plan
US Postretirement Medical Benefits Plan
Variable interest entity

Virtualized radio access network

Processors that are designed for one of four major computing architectures: CPU, GPU, AI accelerator, and FPGA

Supplemental Details

Controls and Procedures

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Our management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on management's evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
principal executive officers and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal
executive officers and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter
ended December 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes
in accordance with US GAAP.

Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2024. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Management's assessment included evaluation of
elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.

Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP.
We reviewed the results of management's assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting, as
stated in the firm's attestation report, which is included within Financial Statements and Supplemental Details.

Supplemental Details

Exhibits

1. Financial Statements: See "Index to Consolidated Financial Statements" within the Consolidated Financial Statements.

2. Financial Statement Schedules: Not applicable or the required information is otherwise included in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes.
3. Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K.

Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit
of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties:

▪ may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily

reflected in the agreements;

▪ may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and
▪

were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances.

Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other
time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact.

Supplemental Details


Exhibit Index

Exhibit Description

Form

File Number

Exhibit

Incorporated by Reference

Filing
Date

Filed or
Furnished
Herewith

Exhibit
Number
2.1

2.2^

3.1

3.2

4.1

4.2

4.3

4.4

4.5

4.6

4.7

4.8

4.9

Master Purchase Agreement between Intel Corporation and SK
hynix Inc., dated as of October 19, 2020

Direct Funding Agreement between Intel Corporation and U.S.
Department of Commerce dated November 25, 2024
Corrected Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intel
Corporation, dated October 23, 2023
Intel Corporation Bylaws, as amended and restated on November
29, 2023

Indenture dated as of March 29, 2006 between Intel Corporation
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor to
Citibank N.A.) (the "Open-Ended Indenture")

First Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated as
of December 3, 2007

Second Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture for the
Registrant's 1.95%Senior Notes due 2016, 3.30%Senior Notes
due 2021, and 4.80%Senior Notes due 2041, dated as of
September 19, 2011

Third Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture for the
Registrant's 1.35%Senior Notes due 2017, 2.70%Senior Notes
due 2022, 4.00%Senior Notes due 2032, and 4.25%Senior
Notes due 2042, dated as of December 11, 2012

Fourth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture for the
Registrant's 4.25%Senior Notes due 2042, dated as of
December 14, 2012
Fifth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated as
of July 29, 2015, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as successor trustee
Eighth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated
as of May 19, 2016, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as successor trustee

Ninth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated as
of May 11, 2017, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as successor trustee

Tenth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated
as of June 16, 2017, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as successor trustee

4.10

Eleventh Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture,
dated as of August 14, 2017, among Intel Corporation, Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee, and
Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent

8-K

000-06217

2.1 

10/20/2020

X

10-Q

8-K

000-06217

000-06217

S-3ASR

333-132865

3.1 

3.2 

4.4 

10/27/2023

12/5/2023

3/30/2006

10-K

8-K

000-06217

4.2.4

2/20/2008

000-06217

4.01 

9/19/2011

8-K

000-06217

4.01 

12/11/2012

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

000-06217

4.01 

12/14/2012

000-06217

4.1 

7/29/2015

000-06217

4.1 

5/19/2016

000-06217

4.1 

5/11/2017

8-K

000-06217

4.1 

6/16/2017

8-K

000-06217

4.1 

8/14/2017

Supplemental Details


Exhibit Description

Form

File Number

Exhibit

Incorporated by Reference

Filing
Date

Filed or
Furnished
Herewith

Twelfth Supplemental Indenture to Open-Ended Indenture, dated
as of December 8, 2017, between Intel Corporation and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor trustee
Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 21,
2019, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as successor trustee
Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13,
2020, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as successor trustee
Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2020,
between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as successor trustee

Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2020,
between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as successor trustee

Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12,
2021, between Intel Corporation and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as successor trustee

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2022,
between Intel Corporation and Computershare Trust Company,
National Association (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association), as trustee

Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10,
2023, between Intel Corporation and Computershare Trust
Company, National Association (as successor to Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association), as trustee

Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21,
2024, between Intel Corporation and Computershare Trust
Company, National Association (as successor to Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association), as trustee

Description of Intel Securities Registered under Section 12 of the
Exchange Act

Intel Corporation 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and
restated, effective May 11, 2023
Intel Corporation Form of Notice of Grant - Restricted Stock Units

Intel Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement
under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for RSUs with retirement
vesting terms granted to executives on or after January 30, 2019)

Intel Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement
under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for RSUs without retirement
vesting terms granted to executives on or after January 30, 2019)

Intel Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement
under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for performance-based
RSUs granted to grandfathered executives on or after January 30,
2019)

10-K

000-06217

4.2.13

2/16/2018

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

000-06217

4.1 

11/21/2019

000-06217

4.1

2/13/2020

000-06217

4.2 

2/13/2020

000-06217

4.1 

3/25/2020

000-06217

4.1 

8/12/2021

000-06217

4.1 

8/5/2022

8-K

000-06217

4.1 

2/10/2023

8-K

000-06217

4.1 

2/21/2024

10-K

S-8

10-Q

10-Q

000-06217

000-06217

4.18 

99.1 

1/27/2022

9/26/2023

000-06217

10.1 

10/25/2018

000-06217

10.3 

4/26/2019

10-Q

000-06217

10.4 

4/26/2019

10-Q

000-06217

10.5 

4/26/2019

Exhibit
Number
4.11

4.12

4.13

4.14

4.15

4.16

4.17

4.18

4.19

4.20

10.1

†

10.1.2

†

10.1.3

†

10.1.4

†

10.1.5

†

Supplemental Details


Exhibit Description

Form

File Number

Exhibit

Incorporated by Reference

Filing
Date

Filed or
Furnished
Herewith

10-Q

000-06217

10.1

4/24/2020

10-Q

000-6217

10.3 

10/28/2022

Exhibit
Number
†
10.1.6

10.1.7

†

10.2

†

10.3

†

10.4

†

10.5

†

10.6

†

10.7

†

10.8

†

10.9

†

10.10

10.11

††

10.12^

10.13^

10.14^

10.15^

10.16

†

10.17

†

Intel Corporation Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement
under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for performance-based
RSUs granted to non-grandfathered executives on or after
January 30, 2019)

Intel Corporation Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (for
RSUs granted to non-employee directors on or after May 12,
2022)

Intel Corporation Executive Annual Performance Bonus Plan,
effective as of January 1, 2020
Intel Corporation Sheltered Employee Retirement Plan Plus, as
amended and restated, effective January 1, 2020

First Amendment to Intel Corporation Sheltered Employee
Retirement Plan Plus dated January 1, 2020

Second Amendment to Intel Corporation Sheltered Employee
Retirement Plan Plus dated January 1, 2023
Intel Corporation 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as
amended and restated, effective November 19, 2024
Intel Corporation 2006 Deferral Plan for Outside Directors,
effective November 15, 2006

Form of Indemnification Agreement with Directors and Executive
Officers

Form of Indemnification Agreement with Directors and Executive
Officers (for Directors and Executive Officers who joined Intel after
July 1, 2016)

Settlement Agreement Between Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
and Intel Corporation, dated November 11, 2009
Patent Cross License Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation
and Intel Corporation, dated January 10, 2011

Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 22,
2022, by and among Intel Corporation, Arizona Fab HoldCo Inc.,
Foundry JV Holdco LLC, and Arizona Fab LLC
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
Arizona Fab LLC by and between Arizona Fab HoldCo Inc. and
Foundry JV Holdco LLC
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2024, by and
among Intel Ireland Limited, Grange Newco LLC, and AP Grange
Holdings, LLC
Form of Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement of Grange Newco LLC by and among Grange Newco
LLC, Intel Ireland Limited and AP Grange Holdings, LLC

Offer Letter between Intel Corporation and David A. Zinsner dated
January 6, 2022
Offer Letter between Intel Corporation and Christoph Schell dated
February 11, 2022

8-K

10-Q

10-Q

10-K

10-K

10-K

10-Q

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

8-K

X

000-06217

10.1 

1/22/2020

000-06217

10.3

4/24/2020

000-06217

000-6218

10.1 

10.5 

7/29/2022

1/27/2023

000-06217

10.41 

2/26/2007

000-06217

10.15 

2/22/2005

000-06217

10.2 

10/31/2016

000-06217

000-06217

000-06217

10.1 

10.1 

10.1 

11/12/2009

1/10/2011

8/23/2022

000-06217

10.1 

11/22/2022

000-06217

10.1 

6/4/2024

000-06217

10.2 

6/4/2024

10-K

000-06217

000-06217

10.1 

10.16

1/10/2022

1/26/2024

Supplemental Details


Exhibit Description

Form

File Number

Exhibit

Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit
Number
†
10.18

10.19
10.20

†

†

10.21
10.22
10.23

†

†

†

10.24

†

10.25

†

10.26

†

19.1
19.2
21.1
23.1

31.1

31.2

32.1

97.1

†



Offer Letter between Intel Corporation and Sandra Rivera dated
October 2, 2023
Intel Corporation Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy
Retirement and Separation Agreement between Intel Corporation
and Patrick Gelsinger, dated December 1, 2024
Intel Corporation Executive Severance Plan
Altera Corporation 2024 Equity Incentive Plan
Form of Altera Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for
Long-Term Incentive Awards for senior executives of Altera
Corporation)
Form of Altera Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (for
Staking Grants for senior executives of Altera Corporation)
Form of Altera Corporation Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (for Long-Term Incentive Awards for senior
executives of Altera Corporation)
Form of Altera Corporation Performance-Based Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (for Staking Grants for senior executives of Altera
Corporation)
Intel's Insider Trading Policy
Company Procedures for Transactions in Company Securities
Intel Corporation Subsidiaries
Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a14(a) of the Exchange Act

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a14(a) of the Exchange Act

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18
U.S.C. Section 1350
Intel Corporation Compensation Recoupment Policy, effective
October 2, 2023
Inline XBRL Document Set for the Consolidated Financial
Statements and accompanying notes in Financial Statements and
Supplemental Details

Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and
included as Exhibit 101

000-06217
000-06217

000-06217
000-06217

000-06217

000-06217

10.1
10.1

10.3
10.1

10.2

10.3

Filing
Date

10/05/2023
2/16/2024

8/2/2024
10/31/2024

10/31/2024

10/31/2024

000-06217

10.4

10/31/2024

000-06217

10.5

10/31/2024

8-K
8-K

10-Q
10-Q

10-Q

10-Q

10-Q

10-Q

10-K

000-06217

97.1

1/26/2024

Filed or
Furnished
Herewith

X

X
X
X
X

X

X

X

X

X

†

 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate.
††

 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment.

^ Schedules and certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5)-(6) and Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

Supplemental Details


Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index

Item Number
Part I

Item

Item 1.

Business:

General development of business
Description of business
Available information

Risk Factors
Unresolved Staff Comments
Cybersecurity
Properties
Legal Proceedings
Mine Safety Disclosures

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities
[Reserved]
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations:

Liquidity and capital resources
Results of operations
Critical accounting estimates

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Controls and Procedures
Other Information

Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
Executive Compensation
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Form 10-K Summary

Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 1C.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.

Part II

Item 5.

Item 6.
Item 7.

Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.
Item 9A.
Item 9B.

Item 9C.

Part III
Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.
Item 13.
Item 14.

Part IV
Item 15.
Item 16.

Signatures

(a) Incorporated by reference to the applicable section of the 2025 Proxy Statement.

 Pages 3-4, 13
Pages 3-20, 45-47, 51, 68-72
Page 2
Pages 31-46
None
Page 48
Pages 8, 49
Pages 96-99
None

Pages 6, 49-50

Pages 28-30, 30
Pages 13-27
Pages 30, 62-68
Pages 47-48
Pages 53-101
None
Page 102

Page 52
None

Page 51 (a)
(a)
(a)
(a)
(a)

Pages 53-101, 103-107
None

Page 109

Supplemental Details


 
Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

INTEL CORPORATION
Registrant

By:

/s/ DAVID ZINSNER
David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer
January 31, 2025

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.

/s/ DAVID ZINSNER
David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer
(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)
January 31, 2025

/s/ SCOTT GAWEL
Scott Gawel
Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
January 31, 2025

/s/ JAMES J. GOETZ
James J. Goetz
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ ALYSSA HENRY 
Alyssa Henry
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ DR. TSU-JAE KING LIU
Dr. Tsu-Jae King Liu
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ ERIC MEURICE
Eric Meurice
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ STEVE SANGHI
Steve Sanghi
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ STACY J. SMITH

Stacy J. Smith
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ FRANK D. YEARY
Frank D. Yeary
Interim Executive Chair of the Board and Director
January 31, 2025

/s/ MICHELLE JOHNSTON HOLTHAUS
Michelle Johnston Holthaus
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer,
Intel Products
(Co-Principal Executive Officer)
January 31, 2025

/s/ DR. ANDREA J. GOLDSMITH
Dr. Andrea J. Goldsmith
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ DR. OMAR ISHRAK
Dr. Omar Ishrak
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ DR. RISA LAVIZZO-MOUREY
Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ BARBARA G. NOVICK
Barbara G. Novick
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ GREGORY D. SMITH
Gregory D. Smith
Director
January 31, 2025
/s/ DION J. WEISLER
Dion J. Weisler
Director
January 31, 2025

Supplemental Details


INFORMATION IN THIS EXHIBIT IDENTIFIED BY [***] IS CONFIDENTIAL AND HAS BEEN EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(B)(10)(iv) OF
REGULATION S-K BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND CUSTOMARILY AND ACTUALLY TREATED BY THE REGISTRANT AS PRIVATE OR
CONFIDENTIAL, INCLUDING IN SOME INSTANCES BECAUSE IT IS INFORMATION THAT WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE
REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED.

Exhibit 2.2

Dated as of November 25, 2024

INTEL CORPORATION

as Recipient

and

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

as the Department

DIRECT FUNDING AGREEMENT

AWARD ID NO. AP-2024-0015


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Article 1 Definitions
Article 2 Award and Disbursements

Section 2.1. Award Amount
Section 2.2. Disbursement Procedure
Section 2.3. No Interest
Section 2.4. No Approval of Work
Section 2.5. Workforce Disbursements

Article 3 Payments

Section 3.1. Place and Manner of Payments to the Department
Section 3.2. Upside Sharing
Section 3.3. Payment of Costs and Expenses
Section 3.4. Net of Tax

Article 4 Terms Satisfied as of the Award Date
Article 5 Conditions Precedent to Each Disbursement

Section 5.1. Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding Disbursement
Section 5.2. Conditions Precedent to Each Workforce Disbursement

Article 6 Representations and Warranties

Section 6.1. Organization
Section 6.2. Authorization; No Conflict
Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws
Section 6.4. Legality; Validity; Enforceability
Section 6.5. Real Property
Section 6.6. Liens
Section 6.7. Required Approvals
Section 6.8. Intellectual Property
Section 6.9. Litigation
Section 6.10. Labor Disputes
Section 6.11. Taxes
Section 6.12. Financial Statements
Section 6.13. Contracts; Other Transactions
Section 6.14. Construction and Tool Installation Budget; Project Schedule
Section 6.15. [Reserved]
Section 6.16. Environmental Laws
Section 6.17. Federal Requirements
Section 6.18 Foreign Entity Concern; Prohibited Persons; Sanctions;
 Export Controls; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering Laws
Section 6.19. Insolvency Proceedings
Section 6.20. No Defaults; no Change of Control Events; no Clawback Events
Section 6.21. Material Adverse Effect
Section 6.22. Program Requirements
Section 6.23. Full Disclosure
Section 6.24. No Immunity
Section 6.25. No Federal Debt Delinquency

i

Page


Section 6.26. No Debarment
Section 6.27. Information Technology; Cyber Security
Section 6.28. Acknowledgement Regarding Use of Data

Article 7 Affirmative Covenants

Section 7.1. Reporting Covenants
Section 7.2. Affirmative Covenants during the Period of Performance
Section 7.3. Affirmative Covenants during the Upside Sharing Term

Article 8 Negative Covenants

Section 8.1. Negative Covenants during the Period of Performance
Section 8.2. Negative Covenants during the Upside Sharing Term

Article 9 Events of Default; Change of Control Events; Remedies

Section 9.1. Events of Default
Section 9.2. Change of Control Events
Section 9.3. Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events
Section 9.4. Automatic Acceleration
Section 9.5. Specific Performance
Section 9.6. Right of Set-Off
Section 9.7. Workforce Award Remedies
Section 9.8. Recipient’s Right to Repay
Section 9.9. Department Rights
Section 9.10. Recipient's Obligations and Liabilities

Article 10 Miscellaneous

Section 10.1. Addresses
Section 10.2. Use of Websites
Section 10.3. Further Assurances
Section 10.4. Non-Discrimination
Section 10.5. Waiver and Amendment
Section 10.6. Entire Agreement
Section 10.7 Effectiveness
Section 10.8. Governing Law
Section 10.9. Severability
Section 10.10. Limitation on Liability
Section 10.11. Waiver of Jury Trial
Section 10.12. Consent to Jurisdiction
Section 10.13. Dispute Resolution
Section 10.14. Successors and Assigns
Section 10.15. Reinstatement
Section 10.16. No Partnership; Etc.
Section 10.17. Marshaling
Section 10.18. Indemnification
Section 10.19. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures
Section 10.20. Benefits of Agreement
Section 10.21. Termination; Survival

ii


A-1
B-1
C-1
D-1
E-1
F-1
G-1

Section 10.22. DOC Confidentiality

Annex A Definitions
Annex B Rules of Interpretation
Annex C Guardrail Provisions
Annex D Program Requirements
Annex E Davis-Bacon Act Requirements
Annex F Reporting Covenants
Annex G Direct Funding for Workforce Activities

EXHIBITS

Exhibit A-1 Form of Recipient Award Date Certificate

Exhibit A-2 [Reserved]

Exhibit B Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Request

Exhibit C [Reserved]

Exhibit D Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice

Exhibit E Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Date Certificate

Exhibit F Form of Project Completion Certificate

SCHEDULES

Schedule A Fiscal Year Appropriations

Schedule B Disbursement Milestone Schedule

Schedule C Permitting Plan

Schedule D Project Sites

Schedule E Affiliate Transactions

Schedule F Addresses

Schedule G Dispute Resolution

iii

This DIRECT FUNDING AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of November 25, 2024, is entered into by and between (a) Intel Corporation, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware as the recipient (the “Recipient”) and (b) the UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
COMMERCE (the “Department” and together with the Recipient, the “Parties” and each a “Party”), an agency of the United States of America, acting by and
through the Secretary of Commerce (or appropriate authorized representative thereof).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Recipient has undertaken (a) construction, tool purchase and installation in, and operation of two new microchip fabrication facilities
(the "Fab 52 Project" and the "Fab 62 Project") owned by Arizona Fab LLC and the modernization, tool purchase and installation in, and operation of one
existing microchip fabrication facility (the "Fab 42 Project") owned by the Recipient, in each case located at the Recipient's Ocotillo campus in Chandler,
Arizona (together, the "Arizona Projects"); (b) the modernization, tool purchase and installation in, and operation of six existing fabrication facilities located at
the Recipient’s Gordon Moore Park campus in Hillsboro, Oregon and owned by the Recipient (the “Oregon Project”); (c) the modernization, tool purchase and
installation in, and operation of two microchip fabrication facilities to also include advanced packaging facilities co-located on the Recipient’s site in Rio Rancho,
New Mexico and held through an industrial revenue bond program (the “New Mexico Project”); and (d) the construction, tool purchase and installation in, and
operation of a new microchip fabrication facility located on the Recipient’s site in Licking County, Ohio and owned by the Recipient (the “Ohio Project” and,
collectively with the Arizona Projects, the Oregon Project and the New Mexico Project, the “Projects”);

WHEREAS, pursuant to the CHIPS Incentives Program—Commercial Fabrication Facilities Notice of Funding Opportunity No. 2023-NIST-CHIPS-CFF01 (as amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the “NOFO”), the Recipient submitted applications, dated July 18, 2023, August 26,
2023, September 12, 2023, and September 22, 2023, having CHIPS ID Nos. 000039, 000301, 000531, and 000549, respectively (together, the “Applications”)
to the Department’s CHIPS Program Office for an Award of Direct Funding and Workforce Funding for the Projects under the CHIPS Incentives Program
established pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 4652 of the CHIPS Act (the “CHIPS Incentives Program”);

WHEREAS, the Department has agreed to issue one or more Awards for each Project subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, which is entered into pursuant to 15 U.S.C. §§ 4652 and 4659(a)(1) of the CHIPS Act as an other transaction on such terms as the Secretary
considers appropriate;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valid consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby expressly

acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and its Exhibits, Schedules and Annexes shall have the meanings set forth in Annex A (Definitions) and
the rules of interpretation set forth in Annex B (Rules of Interpretation) shall apply to this Agreement, except, in each case, as otherwise expressly
provided herein.

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS


ARTICLE 2

AWARD AND DISBURSEMENTS

Section 2.1. Award Amount.

(a)

The total maximum amount of the Award:

“Arizona Projects Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” and such Award, the “Arizona Projects Direct Funding Award”);

(i)

for Direct Funding for the Arizona Projects is three billion nine hundred forty million Dollars ($3,940,000,000) (the

“Oregon Project Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” and such Award, the “Oregon Project Direct Funding Award”);

(ii)

for Direct Funding for the Oregon Project is one billion eight hundred sixty million Dollars ($1,860,000,000) (the

Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” and such Award, the “New Mexico Project Direct Funding Award”);

(iii)

for Direct Funding for the New Mexico Project is five hundred million Dollars ($500,000,000) (the “New Mexico Project

(iv)

for Direct Funding for the Ohio Project is one billion five hundred million Dollars ($1,500,000,000) (the “Ohio Project
Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” and, together with the Arizona Projects Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount, the Oregon Project Maximum
Direct Funding Award Amount and the New Mexico Project Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount, the “Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” and such
Award, the “Ohio Project Direct Funding Award” and, together with the Arizona Projects Direct Funding Award, the Oregon Project Direct Funding Award and
the New Mexico Project Direct Funding Award, the “Direct Funding Award”); and

for Workforce Activities relating to the Projects is sixty-five million Dollars ($65,000,000) (the “Maximum Workforce
Award Amount” and, together with the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount, the “Maximum Award Amount”, and such Award, the “Workforce Award”),
which, collectively, represent the total amount of funds that may be disbursed by the Department to the Recipient upon execution and delivery of one or more
Funding Obligations in accordance with Schedule A (Fiscal Year Appropriations).

(v)

(b)

For any Project, the Department may execute and deliver one or more Funding Obligations authorizing the obligation of funds
for (i) the Direct Funding Award up to the relevant portion of the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount applicable to such Project as set out in Schedule B
(Disbursement Milestone Schedule), and (ii) the relevant portion of the Workforce Award applicable to such Project up to the Maximum Workforce Award
Amount. No obligation of funds for the Award by the Department shall occur upon execution of this Agreement. An obligation of funds for an Award shall occur
only upon delivery of a Funding Obligation.

(c)

The Department shall not be obligated to make, and shall be prohibited from making, any (i) Direct Funding Disbursement
pursuant to this Agreement in relation to a Project that, when aggregated with all prior Direct Funding Disbursements in relation to such Project, would result in
such aggregate Direct Funding Disbursements being in excess of the relevant portion of the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount for such Project, or (ii)
Workforce Disbursement pursuant to this Agreement that, when aggregated with all prior Workforce Disbursements, would result in such aggregate Workforce
Disbursements being in excess of the Maximum Workforce Award Amount, in each case as authorized in executed and delivered Funding Obligations.

Section 2.2. Disbursement Procedure.


Automated Standard Application for Payment System

2.2.1 ASAP System. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Disbursement shall be made through the Department of Treasury’s

(“ASAP”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Article 2 (Award and Disbursements), the Recipient shall comply with all technical
requirements and instructions necessary to receive a Disbursement through ASAP as set out in the “Award Handbook”. The Recipient may designate a
payment requestor through ASAP.

2.2.2 Direct Funding Disbursement Request.

(a) Subject to the other requirements of this Section 2.2 (Disbursement Procedure), the Recipient may request a Direct Funding
Disbursement for a Disbursement Milestone for any Project on any date that is (i) on or after the Actual Milestone Completion Date for such Disbursement
Milestone; and (ii) prior to the Milestone Completion Longstop Date for such Disbursement Milestone, by delivering to the Department a completed Direct
Funding Disbursement Request substantially in the form of Exhibit B (Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Request) evidencing the satisfactory completion
of the applicable Disbursement Milestone and satisfaction of the conditions in Section 5.1 (Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding Disbursement),
except for the conditions set out in Sections 5.1.1 (Funding Obligation), and 5.1.5 (Direct Funding Disbursement Date Certificate).

Disbursement Period for such Project in accordance with this Section 2.2 (Disbursement Procedure).

(b) The Recipient shall be entitled to submit a Direct Funding Disbursement Request for any Project only during the Direct Funding

(c) At least thirty (30) days before it expects to complete a Disbursement Milestone, the Recipient may provide the Department with a
draft Direct Funding Disbursement Request in accordance with this Section 2.2 and Article 4. The Department and the Recipient will work together in good faith
to resolve any concerns about the Direct Funding Disbursement Request, including whether the applicable Disbursement Milestone and other applicable
conditions precedent have been achieved and whether more documentation is needed before the Recipient submits the formal Direct Funding Disbursement
Request.

2.2.3 Disbursement Approval Notice. Once the Department is satisfied that all necessary conditions for the applicable Disbursement
have been satisfied the Department shall (a) issue a Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice to the Recipient and (b) make a Direct Funding
Disbursement within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice.

any Project may occur after the Milestone Completion Longstop Date for such Disbursement Milestone.

2.2.4 Disbursement Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the actual Direct Funding Disbursement Date for any Disbursement Milestone for

2.2.5 Disbursement Date Certificate. The Recipient shall deliver a Direct Funding Disbursement Date Certificate one (1) Business Day
prior to the scheduled Direct Funding Disbursement Date, as notified to the Recipient by the Department not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the
scheduled Direct Funding Disbursement Date, in accordance with in accordance with Section 5.1.5 (Direct 4 Funding Disbursement Date Certificate) and
the Direct Funding Disbursement shall occur within thirty (30) days of the Department’s Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice.

2.2.6 Direct Funding Disbursement Amount.

applicable Direct Funding Disbursement will be equal to or less than the amount of Eligible Uses of Funds determined by the Department at the

(a) Subject to Section 2.1, with respect to each Disbursement Milestone for a Project that has been achieved, the amount of the


applicable Actual Milestone Completion Date as having been incurred and paid by the Recipient (or other Recipient Party, as applicable) in respect of the
applicable Project, as evidenced by the invoices submitted under Section 5.1.2, provided that the amount of such Direct Funding Disbursement when
expressed as a percentage of the relevant portion of the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount applicable for such Project shall be no greater than the
Available Disbursement Percentage for such Disbursement Milestone.

(b) A Direct Funding Disbursement Request requesting a Direct Funding Disbursement in respect of a Project will only be considered
valid if, after making such Direct Funding Disbursement, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Direct Funding Disbursements in respect of such Project
would not exceed the relevant portion of the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount applicable for such Project.

Section 2.3. No Interest.

For the avoidance of doubt, no interest or penalties shall accrue on the amount of a requested Disbursement between the date of the

Disbursement Request and the Disbursement Date.

Section 2.4. No Approval of Work.

The making of any Disbursement under the Award Documents shall not be deemed an approval or acceptance by the Department of the quality

of any work, labor, supplies, materials or equipment furnished or supplied with respect to any Project.

Section 2.5. Workforce Disbursements.

The Recipient shall request a Workforce Disbursement in accordance with the terms set forth in Annex G (Direct Funding for Workforce

Activities).

Section 3.1. Place and Manner of Payments to the Department.

ARTICLE 3

PAYMENTS

(a)

All payments to be made to the Department under this Agreement shall be sent by the Recipient in Dollars in immediately
available funds before 1:00 p.m. (District of Columbia time) on the date when due and shall be due pursuant to payment instructions provided by the
Department to the Recipient (as such instructions may be amended from time to time by the Department upon notice to the Recipient made in accordance with
this Agreement) not less than thirty (30) Calendar Days prior to the date when such payments are due (unless expressly provided for otherwise in this
Agreement).

In the event that the date of any payment to the Department or the expiration of any time period hereunder occurs on a day
that is not a Business Day, then such payment or expiration of time period shall be made or occur on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of
time shall in such cases be included in computing interest or fees, if any, in connection with such payment.

(b)

Section 3.2. Upside Sharing.

3.2.1 Upside Sharing Amount Payment Instructions. During the Upside Sharing Term, and in accordance with this Section 3.2
(Upside Sharing), the Recipient shall pay the Upside Sharing Amount due to the Department with respect to any applicable Project as set forth in the Upside
Sharing Amount Certification, no later than thirty (30) Calendar Days after receipt of such Upside Sharing Amount Certification by the Department (such date,
the Upside Sharing Amount Payment


Date) pursuant to the payment instructions provided by the Department pursuant to Section 3.1 (Place and Manner of Payments to the Department).

each Relevant Period as set forth in this Section 3.2.2 (Upside Sharing Amount Calculation).

3.2.2 Upside Sharing Amount Calculation. The Upside Sharing Amount with respect to each applicable Project shall be calculated for

Threshold for the Relevant Period, the Upside Sharing Amount shall be zero Dollars ($0).

(a)

If the Total Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow for an applicable Project is less than or equal to the applicable

(b)

Subject to paragraph (c), if the Total Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow for an applicable Project is greater than
the applicable Threshold for the Relevant Period, the Upside Sharing Amount shall be equal to (i) [***]%, [***]%, and [***]%of the amount by which the Total
Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow for the Arizona Projects, the Ohio Project, and the New Mexico Project, respectively, exceeds the applicable
Threshold for such Relevant Period less (ii) the aggregate amount of any Upside Sharing Amounts previously paid by the Recipient to the Department with
respect to such Project pursuant to this Section 3.2 (Upside Sharing), provided, that the Upside Sharing Amount calculated pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall
not be less than zero Dollars ($0).

(c)

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the aggregate amount of all Upside Sharing Amounts paid by the Recipient to
the Department with respect to an applicable Project shall not exceed seventy-five percent (75%) of the amount equal to (i) the aggregate amount of
Disbursements made by the Department to the Recipient as of the Project Completion Date for such Project minus (ii) the aggregate amount returned to the
Department as a result of any Clawback Event (or any payment pursuant to Section 9.3(k) (Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events)
or Section 9.8 (Recipient’s Right to Repay.)) for such Project as of such date.

3.2.3 Upside Sharing Amount Certification.

(a)

For each applicable Project, commencing with the first (1st) Fiscal Year after the Fiscal Year in which the Breakeven Date
occurs, within thirty (30) Calendar Days of the Recipient’s delivery of its audited Financial Statements for each Fiscal Year pursuant to Annex F (Reporting
Covenants), the Recipient shall deliver to the Department a written certification from the Recipient’s Accountant (an “Upside Sharing Amount Certification”)
that (i) certifies the Recipient’s Accountant’s calculation of the Upside Sharing Amount for such Relevant Period for such Project, accompanied by supporting
evidence of such calculation; and (ii) attaches a quality of earnings report for such Project prepared by the Recipient’s Accountant (a “Quality of Earnings
Report”), accompanied by supporting evidence for the calculation of Total Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow for such Project as of the end of
such Fiscal Year.

(b)

If, at any time, the Recipient is unable to provide audited Financial Statements for a Project pursuant to Section 3.2.3(a)
(Upside Sharing Amount Certification), the Recipient shall deliver financial information as required by the Department prepared on the basis of the
Unlevered Free Cash Flow of such Project (“Carve-Out Financials”), accompanied by a certification from the Recipient’s Accountant, certifying that such
Carve-Out Financials (i) were prepared in a manner consistent with Applicable Accounting Requirements; and (ii) include an overview of the cost allocation
policies and methodologies consistent with the cost allocation policies and methodologies used in the Base Case Financial Model.

During the Upside Sharing Term, the Recipient shall provide prompt written notice to the Department following any internal
changes of the Recipient that affect (i) any cost allocation policies or methodologies of the Recipient or (ii) any cost allocation policies or methodologies used in
the Base Case Financial Model or any Carve-Out Financials; and following such notification, the Parties shall work in good faith to adjust the Upside Sharing
Amount to the extent necessary.

(c)


Section 3.3. Payment of Costs and Expenses. The Recipient shall, whether or not any Project reaches the first Direct Funding Disbursement,
pay or reimburse, without duplication, all reasonable fees, out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Department (including all commissions, charges, costs and
expenses for the conversion of currencies and all other fees, costs, charges and expenses, including all Periodic Expenses of any Consultant) paid or incurred
in connection with (i) the due diligence of the Recipient Parties and the Projects; and (ii) the negotiation, review, and preparation of this Agreement, the other
Financing Documents any other documents and instruments related to this Agreement or thereto (including legal opinions).

Section 3.4. Net of Tax.

payments by the Recipient to the Department hereunder are payable, and shall in all cases be paid, free and clear of all Taxes.

(a)

The Recipient understands and agrees that the Department is an agency or instrumentality of the United States and that all

(b)

If the Recipient shall be required by Applicable Law to withhold or deduct any tax from or in respect of any sum payable
hereunder or under any other Financing Document to the Department, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as may be necessary so that after making all such
required deductions, the Department receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made; (ii) the Recipient shall
make such deductions; and (iii) the Recipient shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with
Applicable Law.

ARTICLE 4

TERMS SATISFIED AS OF THE AWARD DATE

By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Recipient and the Department acknowledges and agrees that the following terms have been

satisfied in form and substance satisfactory to the Department as of the Award Date:

Section 4.1. Financing Documents. The Department shall have received (a) a fully executed original of each Award Document (other than
any Funding Obligation to be delivered under Section 5.1.1 (Funding Obligation)), and (b) copies of each other Financing Document (other than the Loan
Guarantee Agreement and the FFB Documents), and each such other Financing Document shall be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

Section 4.2. Organizational Documents.

(a) Recipient Parties Organizational Documents. The Department shall have received the Organizational Documents of each
Recipient Party, accompanied in each case by an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient, good standing certificates, incumbency certificates, resolutions and any
other documents as the Department shall reasonably request, with respect to, inter alia, approval of: (i) each such Recipient Party’s participation in the
applicable Project; (ii) the financing therefor (including the Award and this Agreement); and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance by each such Recipient
Party of the Financing Documents to which it is party.

(b) Recipient Parties Organizational Structure. The Department shall have received an up-to-date corporate group chart showing
each Recipient Party and each Affiliate and Subsidiary of each Recipient Party, listing each Recipient Party's Related Entities and Members of the Affiliated
Group, and accompanied by an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient certifying such group chart as true and correct.

executed by the Recipient dated as of November 20, 2024, and certification in an Officer’s Certificate that the information contained therein is true and

(c) Recipient Parties Ownership. The Department shall have received (i) an SF-328 Certificate Pertaining to Foreign Interests


correct as of the Award Date; and (ii) a capitalization table of each Recipient Party setting out, as of the Award Date, the direct and indirect beneficial owners of
more than ten percent (10%) of the Equity Interests in each such Recipient Party.

Section 4.3. Initial Financing Plan. The Department shall have received, as part of the Base Case Financial Model or separately, a detailed
description of the overall financing plan for each Project, including expected sources and uses of funding associated with such Project (including specific line
items for each material component, phase or element of such Project).

Section 4.4. Financial Statements. The Department shall have received the most recent annual audited and quarterly unaudited Financial

Statements of each Recipient Party together, in each case, with an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient concerning the accuracy of such Financial Statements.

Section 4.5. Permits and Approvals. The Department shall have received:

(a) copies of each Required Approval that is listed on the Permitting Plan and required to be obtained prior to the Award Date; and

(b) an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient, certifying that: (i) such copies are true, correct and complete (including all schedules,
exhibits, attachments, supplements and amendments thereto and any related protocols or side letters); (ii) no term or condition of any such Required Approval
has been amended from that delivered pursuant to this Section 4.5 (Permits and Approvals); and (iii) each such Required Approval has been validly issued, is
unconditional (or, if conditional, all conditions precedent (if any) to the effectiveness of each Required Approval have been satisfied or waived) and in full force
and effect and is or, with the passage of time following the expiration of any relevant appeal period, will be, Non-Appealable.

Section 4.6. Real Property and Land Rights. The Department shall have received:

(a) a Survey with respect to each Project, depicting the land and improvements (including then-existing improvements and site plan
overlay) constituting such Project and the relevant Project Site that is in form and substance satisfactory to the Department and prepared by a land surveyor
duly licensed and registered in the States of Arizona, Oregon, New Mexico or Ohio, as applicable;

(b) a Title Report with respect to each Project; and

(c) true and correct copies of any related documents related to any Project Site requested by the Department.

Section 4.7. Legal Opinions. The Department shall have received legal opinions dated as of the Award Date and addressed to the Department

from Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP, as New York counsel to the Recipient.

Section 4.8. Certificates and Reports. The Department shall have received:

Recipient Award Date Certificate) and addressing such other matters as the Department may reasonably request.

(a) Recipient Award Date Certificate. An Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 (Form of

(b) Advisor Reports. A report addressed to the Department, and in each case satisfactory to the Department, from each of:

(i) the Construction Advisor;

(ii) the Technical Advisor; and


(iii) the Financial Advisor.

Section 4.9. Federal Requirements and Approvals.

Form LLL) and (b) “Certification Regarding Lobbying” (Form CD-511), in each case, from any Recipient Party.

(a) Lobbying Certification. The Department shall have received an executed (a) “Disclosure Form to Report Lobbying” (Standard

(Standard Form 424) from the Recipient.

(b) Application for Federal Assistance. The Department shall have received an executed “Application for Federal Assistance”

(c) SAM Registration. The Department shall have received evidence of the registration by the Recipient in SAM.

(d) ASAP Enrollment. The Department shall have received evidence of the enrollment by the Recipient in ASAP.

(e) KYC Requirements. The Department shall have received all documentation (including taxpayer identification documents) and
other information in respect of each Recipient Party, as required by the Department to enable it to be satisfied with the results of all “know your customer” and
other requirements (including, inter alia, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws).

(f) Program Requirements. The Recipient is (and each other Recipient Party is) in compliance with all relevant provisions set forth in
Annex D (Program Requirements) applicable as of the Award Date, and the Department shall have received the Supplier Diversity Plan listed in Section 2.15
thereto.

E (Davis-Bacon Act Requirements) shall have been satisfied, and the Department shall have received the DB Plan listed in Section 2 thereto.

(g) Davis-Bacon Act Requirements. The conditions precedent in Section 2 (Conditions Precedent to Award Issuance) of Annex

Section 4.10. Base Case Financial Model. The Department shall have received a Base Case Financial Model for each Project, accompanied

by an Officer's Certificate from the Chief Financial Officer of the Recipient, such certifications to include confirmation that such Base Case Financial Model:

(a) is based on reasonable assumptions;

(b) has been prepared in good faith and with due care; and

(c) fairly represents the Recipient’s expectation as to the matters covered thereby as of the Award Date.

Section 4.11. Fees and Expenses. The Department shall have received evidence that all Periodic Expenses due and payable to the
Department or the Department's Consultants on or prior to the relevant Award Date have been paid or reimbursed in full or, in the case of the Department’s
Consultants, arrangements for payment have been made.

Section 4.12. Construction and Tool Installation Budget. The Department shall have received the Construction and Tool Installation Budget

for each Project consistent with the Base Case Financial Model for such Project.

Section 4.13. Milestone Based Schedule. The Department shall have received the Milestone Based Schedule for each Project.

Section 4.14. No Violation. Entering into the Award Documents shall not result in a violation of any Applicable Law, Financing Document,
Governmental Approval, or any other material agreement or consent to which the Recipient is a party, or any material judgment or approval to which the
Recipient is subject.


Section 4.15. Additional Documents. The Department shall have received such other information, documents, legal opinions, certifications, or
consents relating to any Project, any Recipient Party, or any of the matters contemplated by the Financing Documents as the Department may reasonably
request.

ARTICLE 5

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH DISBURSEMENT

Section 5.1. Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding Disbursement. With respect to each Relevant Project and each Relevant
Recipient Party, the obligation of the Department to make any Direct Funding Disbursement (including the first Direct Funding Disbursement) shall be subject to
the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing), of each of the following conditions precedent and the delivery to the Department of each of the documents indicated
below, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Department as of the Direct Funding Disbursement Date for such Direct Funding Disbursement, unless
indicated otherwise, and to their continued satisfaction on the relevant Direct Funding Disbursement Date. The Department may (but shall not be required to)
consult with any of the Department’s Consultants regarding the satisfaction of any condition precedent.

5.1.1 Funding Obligation. As set forth in Section 2.1(b) (Award Amount.), the Department shall have executed and delivered one or
more Funding Obligations acknowledged by the Recipient that cumulatively obligates the amount of the proposed Direct Funding Disbursement when
aggregated with all prior Direct Funding Disbursements in relation to each Relevant Project.

5.1.2 Disbursement Request. The Department shall have received a Direct Funding Disbursement Request in accordance with
Section 2.2 (Disbursement Procedure) demonstrating completion of the applicable Disbursement Milestone for such Project, together with (i) relevant invoices
demonstrating that the amount of the relevant Direct Funding Disbursement is equal to or less than the amount of Eligible Uses of Funds determined by the
Department at the applicable Actual Milestone Completion Date as having been incurred and paid by the Recipient (or other Relevant Recipient Party, as
applicable) in respect of the applicable Project (excluding, for these purposes, Eligible Workforce Costs); and (ii) an inventory of invoices for the amount in the
Direct Funding Disbursement Request.

Commencement Date for such Project shall have occurred no later than the following dates:

5.1.3 Commencement of Project. With respect to the first Direct Funding Disbursement for each Relevant Project, the Project

(a) for the Fab 42 Project, the Award Date;

(b) for the Fab 52 Project, the Award Date;

(c) for the Fab 62 Project, the Award Date;

(d) for the Oregon Project, the Award Date;

(e) for the New Mexico Project, the Award Date;

(f) for the Ohio Project, the Award Date.

5.1.4 Completion of Disbursement Milestone. The Department shall have received evidence that each Disbursement Milestone (other
than any Customer Milestone) for each Relevant Project that is required to have been achieved on or prior to the relevant Direct Funding Disbursement Date in
accordance with the applicable Disbursement Milestone Schedule has been achieved.


5.1.5 Direct Funding Disbursement Date Certificates. The Department shall have received, one (1) Business Day prior to the Direct
Funding Disbursement Date, an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient substantially in the form of Exhibit E (Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Date
Certificate) and addressing such other matters as the Department may reasonably request.

5.1.6 Permits and Approvals. The Department shall have received:

as of the relevant Direct Funding Disbursement Date and not previously provided by the Recipient to the Department; and

(a) fully executed copies of each of the Required Approvals that are listed on the Permitting Plan and required to have been obtained

(b) an Officer’s Certificate of the Recipient, certifying that:

thereto and any related protocols or side letters);

(i) such copies are true, correct and complete (including all schedules, exhibits, attachments, supplements and amendments

(ii) no material term or condition of any Required Approval has been amended from the form thereof originally delivered
pursuant to Section 4.5 (Permits and Approvals) or this Section 5.1.6 (Permits and Approvals), or any subsequently amended form thereof delivered
pursuant to Section 5.1.6 (Permits and Approvals) and confirmed in writing by the Department as being in form and substance satisfactory; and

(iii) each Required Approval has been validly issued, is unconditional (or, if conditional, all conditions precedent (if any) to the
effectiveness of each Required Approval have been satisfied or waived) and is in full force and effect and is or, with the passage of time following the expiration
of any relevant appeal period, will be, Non-Appealable.

5.1.7 Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and warranties made (or deemed made) by the Recipient in any
Financing Document to which it is a party shall be true and correct in relation to each Relevant Project and each Relevant Recipient Party in all material
respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty itself is qualified by “materiality,” “material adverse effect” or a similar qualifier, in which
case it shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such date, except to the extent such representation or warranty is made only as of a specific date or time
(in which event such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such date or time).

set forth in Annex D (Program Requirements) applicable as of the Direct Funding Disbursement Date.

5.1.8 Program Requirements. The Recipient is (and each other Relevant Recipient Party is) in compliance with all relevant provisions

5.1.9 No Default. No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default in relation to any Relevant Project or any Relevant Recipient Party,
and no Change of Control Event, has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of such Direct Funding Disbursement or from the application
of the proceeds thereof.

5.1.10 Corrective Action Plan. No Event of Default arising under Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.) in relation to a
Recipient Party (other than the Recipient) has occurred, in respect of which (a) the Recipient has failed to pay to the Department an amount equal to the
proceeds paid to the Recipient pursuant to the Direct Funding Disbursements made hereunder and the FFB Advances made under the Loan Guarantee
Agreement with respect to each Project in which such Recipient Party holds (or, immediately prior to such Event of Default, held) a direct or indirect legal or
beneficial ownership interest within sixty (60) calendar days of such Event of Default arising, or (b) a Corrective Action Plan has not (i) been submitted by the
Recipient to the Department within thirty (30) calendar days of such Event of Default arising, and (ii) been confirmed by the Department in writing as


being in form and substance satisfactory to the Department within sixty (60) calendar days of such Event of Default arising. For the avoidance of doubt, for so
long as such an Event of Default has arisen and the actions required under paragraphs (a) and (b) above have not been completed, this condition precedent
will not be considered satisfied by the Department and the Department will refuse any Disbursement Request in respect of any Project (and not merely those
Projects in which the relevant Recipient Party holds (or, immediately prior to such Event of Default, held) a direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership
interest).

suspend the Recipient’s ability to request Direct Funding Disbursements.

5.1.11 No Guardrail Suspension. The Secretary has not made any determination in accordance with the Guardrail Provisions to

5.1.12 No Material Adverse Effect. No event or circumstance (including a change in law) shall have occurred or could reasonably be
expected to occur with respect to the Recipient, any Relevant Recipient Party or any Relevant Project that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect.

Disbursement) of Annex E (Davis-Bacon Act Requirements) have been satisfied.

5.1.13 Davis-Bacon Act Requirements. The conditions precedent in Section 3 (Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding

5.1.14 Additional Documents. The Department shall have received such other information, documents, legal opinions, certifications, or
consents relating to any Relevant Project or any Relevant Recipient Party, or the matters contemplated by the Financing Documents as the Department may
reasonably request in order to verify the completion of any of the conditions precedent set forth in this Section 5.1.

Section 5.2. Conditions Precedent to Each Workforce Disbursement. The obligation of the Department to make any Workforce
Disbursement shall be subject to the prior satisfaction (or waiver in writing), of each of the conditions precedent set forth in Annex G (Direct Funding for
Workforce Activities).

ARTICLE 6

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Recipient makes each of the following representations and warranties to and in favor of the Department as of (a) the Award Date; (b) the date of
each Disbursement Request; (c) each Disbursement Date; and (d) each Project Completion Date, except as such representations and warranties are expressly
made as to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties will be true as of such earlier date, provided that (i) in the case of a
representation and warranty under (b), (c) or (d) above, such representation and warranty shall apply only to each Relevant Project and each Relevant
Recipient Party; and (ii) in the case of a representation and warranty under (c) above, such representation and warranty shall be made both immediately before
and immediately after giving effect to the Disbursement being made on the relevant Disbursement Date:

Section 6.1. Organization. Each Recipient Party (a) is an entity, duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the state of its organization or formation; (b) is duly qualified to do business in the state of its organization or formation and in each other jurisdiction where
the failure to so qualify could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or hold under
lease and operate the property it purports to own or hold under lease; (ii) carry on its business as now being conducted and as proposed to be conducted in
respect of each applicable Project; and (iii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Financing Documents to which it is a party.


Section 6.2. Authorization; No Conflict. The Recipient has duly authorized, executed and delivered the Financing Documents to which it is a
party, and neither its execution and delivery thereof nor its performance of the obligations contemplated hereby or thereby nor its compliance with the terms of
this Agreement or thereof does or will (a) contravene its or any other Recipient Party's Organizational Documents or any Applicable Laws in any material
respect; (b) contravene or result in any breach or constitute any default under any Governmental Judgment in any material respect; (c) contravene or result in
any breach or constitute any default under, or result in or require the creation of any Lien upon any of its or any other Recipient Party's material Project Assets
under any material agreement or instrument to which it or any other Recipient Party is a party or by which it, any other Recipient Party or any of its Project
Assets may be bound, except for any Permitted Liens; or (d) require the consent or approval of any Person, other than: (i) the Required Approvals, (ii) any
consents and approvals which are not material, and (iii) any other consents or approvals that have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

Section 6.3. Compliance with Laws. The Recipient has conducted and is conducting (and each other Recipient Party has conducted and is

conducting, as applicable) the construction, development, operation and maintenance of each Project and each Facility in compliance with:

(a) the CHIPS Act;

(b) the Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. § 3801 et seq.);

(c) the False Claims Amendments Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. § 287);

(d) the False Statements Accountability Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. § 1001);

(e) Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 – 3733);

respects;

(f) the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. § 4601 et seq.) in all material

(g) all applicable federal labor and employment laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. § 2000e et seq.), the
Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. § 203), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. § 653) and the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. § 151 et
seq.) in all material respects;

(h) all applicable Export Control Laws in all respects except for any actual or potential violations that involve only unintentional minor,
technical infractions, which either (i) were voluntarily self-disclosed to BIS within sixty (60) days of the Recipient Party becoming aware of the violation, and,
within sixty (60) days of submission of the final disclosure resulted in the issuance of a warning or no action letter by BIS, or (ii) otherwise could not reasonably
be expected to give rise to an enforcement action, or the imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority; and

(i) without prejudice to Section 6.2 (Authorization, No Conflict), this Section 6.3 (Compliance with Laws), Section 6.7 (Required
Approvals.), Section 6.8 (Intellectual Property.), Section 6.16 (Environmental Laws.), Section 6.17 (Federal Requirements.), or Section 6.18 (Foreign
Entity of Concern; Prohibited Persons; Sanctions; Export Controls; Anti-Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering Laws.), all Applicable Laws (other than
those listed above) in all material respects.

Section 6.4. Legality; Validity; Enforceability. Each Financing Document to which the Recipient is (or will be when executed) a party
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Recipient, enforceable against the Recipient in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability
may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Applicable Laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general
principles of equity.


Section 6.5. Real Property.

(a) The Recipient or another Recipient Party (as applicable) owns and has valid legal and beneficial title to or a valid leasehold
interest in all Real Property in each Project Site, free and clear of any Lien of any kind, except for Permitted Liens, and no contracts or arrangements,
conditional or unconditional, exist for the creation by the Recipient or such other Recipient Party (as applicable) of any Lien on any real property interest in any
Project Site, other than Permitted Liens.

(b) All easements, leasehold and other property interests and utility and other services, means of transportation, facilities, other
materials and rights that are reasonably necessary for the construction, completion and operation of any Project in accordance with Applicable Law and the
Financing Documents have been obtained or could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms when needed.

(c) Any Leases material to any Project and in existence on the date of this representation and under which the Recipient or another
Recipient Party (as applicable) is a lessee are valid and subsisting, and the Recipient or such other Recipient Party (as applicable) is not in default in any
material respect under any of such Leases.

construction, ownership, operation, maintenance and use of the relevant Project as contemplated by the Financing Documents.

(d) Each Project Site is sufficient and appropriate in all material respects for the development, siting, design, engineering,

(e) Except as shown on the applicable Survey, with respect to each Project Site, all of the improvements on such Project Site lie
wholly within the boundaries and building restriction lines of such Project Site, and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon such Project Site,
and no improvements on such Project Site encroach upon or violate any easements or other encumbrances upon such Project Site, in each case, so as to
materially impair the development, construction, operation, or use by (or for the benefit of) the Recipient or other Recipient Party (as applicable) of such Project
Site for the applicable Project. To the Recipient’s Knowledge, there are no material matters affecting the applicable Project Site or the title thereto.

(f) No condemnation or adverse zoning or usage change proceeding has occurred or, to the Recipient's Knowledge, been threatened
against any Real Property that could materially impair the development, construction, operation, access to or use by (or for the benefit of) the Recipient or other
Recipient Party (as applicable) of any Project Site for any Project.

Section 6.6. Liens. The Recipient has not created, and is not under any obligation to create, and has not entered into any transaction or

agreement that would result in the imposition of, any Lien upon any of its Project Assets except for Permitted Liens.

Section 6.7. Required Approvals.

(a) Each Required Approval that is required to be obtained as of any date on which this representation is made has been duly and
validly issued, is in full force and effect and is, or, with the passage of time following the expiration of any relevant appeal period, will be, Non-Appealable, and
the Recipient has not received any written notice of proposed revocation of any such Required Approval that has already been obtained.

(b) The Recipient does not have any reason to believe that it, or any other Recipient Party will be unable to obtain the Required
Approvals applicable to it in the ordinary course of business free from conditions or requirements and at such time or times as may be necessary to avoid any
material delay in, or impairment to the development, construction or operation of the Projects in accordance with the Financing Documents.


(c) Each of the Recipient and each other Recipient Party is in compliance in all material respects with all Required Approvals that

have been obtained by, or are otherwise applicable to, such Person.

Section 6.8. Intellectual Property.

such Recipient Party (such Project IP, "Material Recipient Party-Owned Project IP"), free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens.

(a) Each Recipient Party exclusively owns right, title and interest in and to all material Project IP owned or purported to be owned by

other authorization or right to use all material Project IP that is not Material Recipient Party-Owned Project IP.

(b) To the Knowledge of the Recipient, each Recipient Party holds a valid and enforceable license, permit, certificate, franchise, or

Project IP except as could not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(c) To the Knowledge of the Recipient, no third party has infringed upon or misappropriated any Material Recipient Party-Owned

(d) To the Knowledge of the Recipient, the ownership or holding a license, permit, certificate, franchise, or other authorization or right
to use, as applicable, by the Recipient of the Project IP and the use thereof at the Facilities by the Recipient does not infringe upon or misappropriate the
Intellectual Property of any other Person except as could not reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) There is no pending or, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, threatened (in writing) Action challenging the ownership, validity,
enforceability, scope or use of, or otherwise relating to, any of the Material Recipient Party-Owned Project IP, in each case, except as could not reasonably be
expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.9. Litigation. There is no pending or, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, threatened Action (in writing) that relates to: (a) the legality,
validity or enforceability of any of the Financing Documents; (b) the development, construction, operation or maintenance of any Project in any material respect;
or (c) any Recipient Party, that (excluding any Action contemplated under sub-clauses (a) or (b) above) either individually or in the aggregate, has, or could
reasonably be expected to cause, a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.10. Labor Disputes. There are no strikes, slowdowns or work stoppages ongoing or threatened in writing by the employees of the

Recipient or any other Recipient Party that have caused or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.11. Taxes.

(a) Each Recipient Party has filed all tax returns required by Applicable Laws to be filed by it and has paid: (i) all U.S. federal income
Taxes that have become due pursuant to such tax returns; and (ii) all other material Taxes and assessments payable by it that have become due (other than, in
each case, those Taxes that it is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, and for which reserves have been established to the extent required
by the Applicable Accounting Requirements).

(b) No Recipient Party has been convicted of a criminal offense under the Internal Revenue Code.

Section 6.12. Financial Statements. Each of the Financial Statements of the Recipient and each Recipient Party delivered to the Department
pursuant to Annex F (Reporting Covenants) has been prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements, on a Consolidated Basis (as
applicable), and presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Recipient or such other Recipient Party (as applicable) as of the respective
dates of the Financial Statements for the


respective periods covered therein. Such Financial Statements reflect all liabilities or obligations of the Recipient or such other Recipient Party (as applicable)
and other information of any nature whatsoever for the period to which such Financial Statements relate that are required to be disclosed in accordance with
Applicable Accounting Requirements. Since the date of such Financial Statements, the Recipient or such other Recipient Party (as applicable), has not incurred
or assumed any liabilities or obligations that would be required to be disclosed in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements which has not been
disclosed to the Department in writing.

Section 6.13. Contracts; Other Transactions. Except as expressly set forth on Schedule E (Affiliate Transactions), no Recipient Party is a
party to any contract or agreement in relation to a Project with, and does not have any other loan commitment in relation to a Project to, any Affiliate that is not
on arms' length terms.

Section 6.14. Construction and Tool Installation Budget; Project Schedule.

(a) The Construction and Tool Installation Budget:

(i) is based on reasonable assumptions;

(ii) has been prepared in good faith and with due care; and

representation is made or deemed made.

(iii) fairly represents the Recipient’s expectation as to the matters covered thereby as of any date on which this

(b) With respect to each Project, the Construction and Tool Installation Budget represents the Recipient’s good faith estimate of Total
Project Costs anticipated to be incurred to achieve the Project Completion Date for such Project by the final Milestone Completion Longstop Date set forth in
Schedule B (Disbursement Milestone Schedule). No Construction and Tool Installation Budget for any Project has been amended or changed in any material
respect other than to reflect changes resulting from Disclosed Project Changes for the relevant Project in accordance with Section 8.1.3 (Disclosed Project
Changes).

Completion Longstop Date for the final Disbursement Milestone for such Project.

(c) The Recipient’s good faith estimate is that, for each Project, the Project Completion Date will occur no later than the Milestone

(d) In respect of the Project to which the Direct Funding Disbursement relates, a certificate from the Recipient certifying that the
Recipient is committed to achieving the Project Completion Date for each Project and that the Total Funding Available for such Project will be sufficient to pay all
remaining Project Costs (as of the Disbursement Date) reasonably expected to be required for such Project to achieve the applicable Project Completion Date
by no later than the final Milestone Completion Longstop Date set forth in Schedule B (Disbursement Milestone Schedule) for such Project, which shall
include such detail as the Department reasonably requests (to the extent not already provided by the Recipient under this Agreement) regarding the
components of Total Funding Available, including sources and corresponding amounts and approximate timing therefor, as projected by the Recipient in good
faith and based upon reasonable assumptions.

Section 6.15. [Reserved.]

Section 6.16. Environmental Laws.

(a) All Required Approvals that are required to be obtained for any Project as of each date on which this representation is given
relating to (i) air emissions; (ii) discharges to surface water or ground water; (iii) noise emissions; (iv) the use, generation, storage, transportation or disposal of
Hazardous Substances; or (v) otherwise required under applicable Environmental Law have been obtained.


(b) To the Recipient’s Knowledge, as of each date on which this representation is given, the Recipient has not received, and is not
aware of, any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in, any complaint, order, directive, claim, citation or notice arising under
Environmental Law by any Governmental Authority that is, or could reasonably be expected to become, material.

(c) To the Recipient’s Knowledge, as of each date on which this representation is given, there is not, and has not been, any condition,
circumstance, action, activity or event with respect to any Project, any Recipient Party, or any Project Site that could reasonably form the basis of any material
violation of any Environmental Law.

applicable Environmental Laws in all material respects.

(d) To the Recipient’s Knowledge, as of each date on which this representation is given, each Recipient Party is in compliance with all

(e) To the Recipient’s Knowledge, none of the Recipient, any Recipient Party nor any other Person, has used, generated,
manufactured, produced, stored, or Released, on, under or about any Facility or transported thereto or therefrom, any Hazardous Substances in a manner that
could reasonably be expected to: (i) form the basis of a material Environmental Claim; or (ii) cause any Project to be subject to any material restrictions arising
under any Environmental Law.

Section 6.17. Federal Requirements.

(a) Davis-Bacon Act Requirements. Each representation and warranty set forth in Section 4 (Representations and Warranties) of

Annex E (Davis-Bacon Act Requirements) is true and correct.

(b) Guardrail Provisions.

(i) Each Recipient Party is in compliance with all applicable Guardrail Provisions.

(ii) Each of the lists of existing facilities and ongoing Joint Research and Technology Licensing, each as attached as
Appendix 1 to the Guardrail Provisions, is true, correct, and such appendices memorialize all information required to be set forth herein pursuant to Section 1
(Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions) and Section 2 (Prohibition on Certain Joint Research or Technology Licensing) of the Guardrail
Provisions.

(iii) Each Person that as of the date hereof is a member of the Recipient’s “affiliated group,” as such term is defined under
26 U.S.C. § 1504(a), without regard to U.S.C. § 1504(b)(3), directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by, or is under
common Control with, the Recipient as of the date hereof is set forth in Part 4 (Members of the Affiliated Group) of Appendix 1 of the Guardrail Provisions.

(Guardrail Provisions)) of Appendix 1 of the Guardrail Provisions.

(iv) Each Related Entity as of the date hereof is set forth in Part 5 (Related Entities Subject to Section 3 of Annex C

violation thereof has occurred.

(v) Each Mitigation Agreement, if any, required pursuant to the Guardrail Provisions, is in full force and effect and no

(c) Inverted Corporation Requirement. The Recipient represents that neither it nor any other Recipient Party is a foreign
incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under Section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. § 395(b)) or a
Subsidiary of such an entity.


Section 6.18. Foreign Entity of Concern; Prohibited Persons; Sanctions; Export Controls; Anti- Corruption; Anti-Money Laundering

Laws.

(a) No Recipient Party is a Foreign Entity of Concern.

Knowledge, none of the employees, agents or representatives of any Recipient Party acting in such capacities is a Prohibited Person.

(b) No Recipient Party nor any of their respective members, directors, or officers is a Prohibited Person, and to the Recipient’s

Party becoming a Prohibited Person.

(c) To the Recipient’s Knowledge, no event has occurred, and no condition exists, that is reasonably likely to result in any Recipient

(d) There are no Actions pending or, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, threatened, against or affecting any Recipient Party or their
respective members, directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives acting in such capacities regarding any actual or alleged non- compliance with
any Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Anti-Corruption Laws.

compliance with all applicable Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(e) The Recipient has adopted and implemented and maintains policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve

(f) Each Recipient Party and the respective members, directors, officers, and, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, employees, agents and
representatives thereof, are, and for the last five (5) years have been, (i) in compliance with all applicable Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money
Laundering Laws and (ii) in compliance with all applicable Export Control Laws in all respects except for any actual or potential violations that involve only
unintentional minor, technical infractions, which either (1) were voluntarily self-disclosed to BIS within sixty (60) days of the Recipient Party becoming aware of
the violation, and, within sixty (60) days of submission of the final disclosure resulted in the issuance of a warning or no action letter by BIS, or (2) otherwise
could not reasonably be expected to give rise to an enforcement action, or the imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority.

(g) Each Recipient Party and each of their respective Principal Persons, and, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, their employees, agents,
and representatives (while acting in such capacity) have complied with all applicable Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and AntiCorruption Laws in obtaining any consents, licenses, approvals, authorizations, rights, or privileges with respect to any Project and, otherwise, have conducted
each Project in compliance with all applicable Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(h) No Recipient Party, nor any Recipient Party's members, directors, officers, nor, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, employees, agents
or representatives (while acting in such capacity) has made, offered, promised to make, provided or paid any contribution, entertainment or anything of value
that is unlawful under applicable law to any local or foreign official (including employees of state- owned or controlled entities), foreign political party or party
official or any candidate for foreign political office:

foreign political office in his or her official capacity, including a decision to fail to perform his or her official functions;

(i) in order to influence any act or decision of any foreign official, foreign political party, party official or candidate for

(ii) to secure an advantage; or

any of its Affiliates or to any other Person, in each case, in violation of any applicable Anti-Corruption Laws or any other Applicable Law.

(iii) with the intent to induce the Recipient to misuse his or her official position to direct business to any Recipient Party or


Section 6.19. Insolvency Proceedings.

Insolvency Proceedings.

(a) Neither the Recipient nor any Recipient Party is the subject of any pending, or to the Recipient’s Knowledge, threatened,

(b) Each Recipient Party is and, after giving effect to any requested Disbursement, will be solvent. For purposes of the preceding
sentence, “solvent” means (i) the fair saleable value (on a going concern basis) of the relevant Recipient Party’s assets exceed its liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, fairly valued; (ii) the relevant Recipient Party will be able to pay its debts as they become due; and (iii) upon paying its debts as they become due,
the Recipient will not be left with unreasonably small capital as is necessary to satisfy all of its current and reasonably anticipated obligations.

Section 6.20. No Defaults; no Change of Control Events; no Clawback Events.

(a) No Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Change of Control Event has occurred and is continuing.

(b) No Clawback Event has occurred and is continuing.

Section 6.21. Material Adverse Effect. No event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing, that has or could reasonably be expected to

have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.22. Program Requirements. As of the Award Date, and as of each date thereafter that this representation is to be made, each

Recipient Party is in compliance with all Program Requirements then-required pursuant to Annex D (Program Requirements).

Section 6.23. Full Disclosure. The statements and information contained in the Financing Documents, taken together with all documents,
reports or other written information pertaining to any Project (other than any projections, estimates and other forecasts and forward-looking information and
other information of a general economic or industry nature) that have been furnished by or on behalf of the Recipient or any other Recipient Party to the
Department or any Consultant from time to time, when taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such information is stated or certified at
the time they were made; provided that with respect to any projections or other forward-looking statements included in such information, the Recipient
represents only that such information was prepared in good faith upon assumptions believed by the Recipient to be reasonable at the time such information
was provided to the Department (it being understood that any such projections and forward-looking statements are subject to significant uncertainties and
contingencies, that no assurances can be given that any such projections or forecasts will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods
covered by any such projections or forward-looking statements may differ materially from the projected results).

Section 6.24. No Immunity. No Recipient Party nor any of its assets is entitled to immunity in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may

at any time be commenced with respect to this Agreement or any other Financing Document.

Section 6.25. No Federal Debt Delinquency. No Recipient Party has (a) any judgment Lien against any of its Property for a debt owed to the
United States; or (b) any Indebtedness owed to the United States or any Governmental Authority thereof that is in delinquent status, as the term “delinquent
status” is defined in 31 C.F.R. 285.13(d), including any Tax liabilities (other than those Taxes that it is contesting in good faith and by appropriate proceedings,
for which reserves have been established to the extent required by the Applicable Accounting Requirements except to the extent such delinquency has been
resolved with the appropriate Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law.


Section 6.26. No Debarment.

(a) To the Recipient's Knowledge, no event has occurred and no condition exists that is likely to result in the debarment or
suspension of any Recipient Party or any Recipient Party's respective members, directors or officers from contracting with the U.S. government or any agency
or instrumentality thereof.

(b) No Recipient Party nor any Recipient Party's respective members, directors or officers is or has been, within the prior three years,

debarred or suspended.

Section 6.27. Information Technology; Cyber Security.

(a) The information technology (including data communications systems, equipment and devices) used in the business of each
Recipient Party (collectively, the “IT Systems”) operates and performs in all material respects as necessary: (i) for the development, design, engineering,
procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning, ownership, operation or maintenance of the Projects; (ii) to complete the activities designated to
achieve, for each Project, the Project Completion Date; and (iii) to exercise the Recipient’s rights and perform its obligations under the Financing Documents in
a timely manner except as would not be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(b) The Recipient has implemented and maintains, and has caused, or no later than the first Disbursement Date for the relevant
Project, will have caused, each other Recipient Party to implement and maintain in connection with each Project, commercially reasonable privacy, information
security, cyber security, disaster recovery, business continuity, data backup and incident response plans, policies and procedures consistent with Prudent
Industry Practice (including administrative, technical and physical safeguards) designed to protect: (i) Sensitive Information from any unauthorized, accidental,
or unlawful Processing or loss; (ii) each applicable IT System from any unauthorized or unlawful access, acquisition, use, control, disruption, destruction, or
modification; and (iii) the integrity, security and availability of the Sensitive Information and IT Systems.

Section 6.28. Acknowledgement Regarding Use of Data.

Each Recipient Party has taken reasonable measures to safeguard protected personally identifiable information and other confidential or

sensitive personal or business information created or obtained in connection with the Award.

Section 7.1. Reporting Covenants.

ARTICLE 7

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

expense, furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Department, all information as and when required in accordance with Annex F (Reporting Covenants).

(a) The Recipient covenants and agrees that, unless the Department waives compliance in writing, the Recipient shall, at its own

Business Days) of its Knowledge of:

(b) In addition the Recipient covenants and agrees that it shall notify the Department promptly (and in any event within five (5)

more than five percent (5%) of any Ownership Interest or voting rights in any Recipient Party;

(i) any Person that is not an Affiliate of the Recipient, or any group of such Persons acting in concert, holds or acquires

Affiliate ceasing to be a Recipient Party; or

(ii) any Affiliate acquiring any direct or indirect legal or beneficial Ownership Interest or voting rights in any Project, or any


(iii) any material amendment or waiver of any Organizational Document of any Recipient Party;

(iv) any appointment or removal of any board member of any Recipient Party,

and provide: (1) together with any notice of an Affiliate becoming a Recipient Party under paragraph (ii) above, an up-to-date copy of all
Organizational Documents (including any material amendment or waiver thereof), any other documents evidencing the Recipient's Control of such Affiliate or of
any Recipient Party which is a Subsidiary of such Affiliate; (2) together with any notice of a material amendment or waiver under paragraph (iii) above, an up-todate copy of such amendment or waiver; and (3) in respect of any matter notified under this paragraph (b), copies of such governance-related documents as
the Department may reasonably request and, where such matter relates to a Change of Control in compliance with the Safe Harbor Conditions, copies of any
transaction documents related thereto (including but not limited to any applicable purchase agreements, shareholder agreements, side letters and similar
documents) promptly after such transaction documents are entered into.

Section 7.2. Affirmative Covenants during the Period of Performance. The Recipient covenants and agrees that during the Period of

Performance, unless the Department waives compliance in writing:

7.2.1 Internal Controls; Monitoring and Reporting.

ensuring strong compliance and accountability measures for the Recipient with respect to Direct Funding Disbursement.

(a) The Recipient acknowledges and understands that the Department is responsible for protecting taxpayer resources, including by

(b) The Recipient shall establish and maintain effective internal control over the proceeds of any Direct Funding Disbursements to
provide reasonable assurance that any costs of the Recipient or any Person paid or reimbursed with Direct Funding Disbursement constitute Eligible Uses of
Funds.

(c) The Recipient shall monitor activities funded by a Direct Funding Disbursement to provide reasonable assurance that Direct
Funding Disbursement are used in compliance with the terms of the Direct Funding Agreement and performance expectations with respect to each Project.
Upon request by the Department, the Recipient shall provide with respect to each Project any invoices, other financial records, and performance reporting
information provided by any third party that has received Direct Funding Disbursement from the Recipient for the purpose of demonstrating performance in
alignment with the Direct Funding Agreement.

7.2.2 Operations. The Recipient shall own (or hold a valid form of any material license, permit, certificate, franchise, or other
authorization or right to use, as applicable), operate and maintain (or cause to be owned, held, operated and maintained by a Recipient Party) each Project and
all Project Assets in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice.

with and conduct, as applicable) the construction, development, operation and maintenance of each Project and each Facility in compliance with:

7.2.3 Compliance with Applicable Law. The Recipient shall comply with and conduct (and cause each other Recipient Party to comply

(a) the CHIPS Act;

(b) the Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. § 3801 et seq.);

(c) the False Claims Amendments Act of 1986 (18 U.S.C. § 287);


(d) the False Statements Accountability Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. § 1001);

(e) the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 - 3733);

respects;

(f) the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. § 4601 et seq.) in all material

(g) all applicable federal labor and employment laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. § 2000e et seq.), the
Fair Labor Standards Act (29 U.S.C. § 203), the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. § 653) and the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. § 151 et
seq.) in all material respects;

(h) all applicable Export Control Laws in all respects except for any actual or potential violations that involve only unintentional minor,
technical infractions, which either (1) were voluntarily self-disclosed to BIS within sixty (60) days of the Recipient Party becoming aware of the violation, and,
within sixty (60) days of submission of the final disclosure resulted in the issuance of a warning or no action letter by BIS, or (2) otherwise could not reasonably
be expected to give rise to an enforcement action, or the imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority; and

Requirements), all Applicable Law (other than those listed above) in all material respects.

(i) without prejudice to this Section 7.2.3, or Sections 7.2.8 (Intellectual Property), 7.2.9 (Required Approvals), or 7.2.12 (Federal

7.2.4 Insurance. The Recipient shall maintain, or cause to be maintained by a Recipient Party, in effect at all times insurance with
reputable insurance companies, with respect to its present and future Properties (including liability and business interruption coverage), against such risks and
hazards, in such amounts, and in such form, as is usually carried by companies of a similar size that are engaged in the same or a similar business and that
own similar properties in the same or similar geographic area and are acting in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice. The insurance coverage referenced
in this Section 7.2.4, including any portion thereof, may be maintained through any combination of primary insurance, excess insurance, commercial insurance,
captive insurance, fronted insurance or may be self-insured.

7.2.5 Taxes. The Recipient shall file (and cause each other Recipient Party to file) all tax returns required by Applicable Laws to be filed
by it and shall pay or cause to be paid (and ensure each other Recipient Party pays or causes to be paid) on or before the date payment is due (i) all U.S.
federal income Taxes required to be paid by it; and (ii) all other material Taxes and assessments required to be paid by such Recipient Party (other than, in the
case of each of (i) and (ii), those Taxes that it contests in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, for which reserves are established to the extent required
by the Applicable Accounting Requirements).

7.2.6 Eligible Uses of Funds.

the proceeds of (i) any federal grants, assistance or loans; (ii) other funds guaranteed by the federal government; or (iii) tax credits.

The Recipient shall ensure that any Eligible Uses of Funds for which it seeks reimbursement under this Agreement have not been paid with

7.2.7 Diligent Execution of Project.

Disbursement Milestone for each Project by the relevant Anticipated Completion Date.

(a) The Recipient shall use (and ensure each other Recipient Party uses) commercially reasonable efforts to achieve each

completed by a Recipient Party, as applicable, each Project diligently in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice, the applicable Disbursement

(b) The Recipient shall construct, modernize, expand and complete, or cause to be constructed, modernized, expanded and


Milestone Schedule for each Project, and the applicable Construction and Tool Installation Budget, as each is permitted to be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified under this Agreement.

7.2.8 Intellectual Property.

The Recipient shall at all times: (i) acquire and maintain ownership of all material Project IP generated by or for the Recipient that to the
Knowledge of the Recipient is necessary; and (ii) obtain and maintain licenses, permits, certificates, franchises or other authorizations or rights to use (y) all
other material Project IP (other than Patents) owned by any other Person, and (z) to the Knowledge of the Recipient, all Patents in other material Project IP
owned by any other Person, that are necessary, in each case, as applicable at the relevant time.

7.2.9 Required Approvals. The Recipient shall procure (or ensure another Recipient Party procures) each Required Approval at or prior
to such time as such Required Approval is required or necessary and in any event in accordance with any applicable deadline set forth in the relevant
Permitting Plan and maintain each such Required Approval in full force and effect and comply in all material respects with the terms thereof.

7.2.10 ASAP Account. The Recipient shall maintain an account in ASAP at all times.

public announcement made by the Recipient or, to the Recipient’s Knowledge, any other Recipient Party:

7.2.11 Public Announcements. The Recipient shall, prior to the making thereof, coordinate with the Department with respect to any

or going into operation) or satisfaction of any Disbursement Milestone; and

(a) in connection with material developments in respect of any Project (including, inter alia, any Project’s ground-breaking ceremony

(b) that directly refers to any Award or any Award Document (including by submitting the full text of any proposed public statement to
the Department for review and refraining from making any such public statement without the Department’s prior written approval), other than any such
statements that are, as may be determined by any Recipient Party or any Affiliate thereof: (i) required by or to comply with Applicable Law or stock exchange
rules or regulations applicable to such Person; or (ii) made in connection with any Action brought by or against the Recipient or any of its Affiliates.

7.2.12 Federal Requirements.

cause each other Recipient Party to:

(a) Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti- Corruption Laws. The Recipient shall, and shall

Anti-Corruption Laws;

(i) comply with all Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and

(ii) comply with all applicable Export Control Laws in all respects except for any actual or potential violations that involve
only unintentional minor, technical infractions, which either (1) were voluntarily self-disclosed to BIS within sixty (60) days of the Recipient Party becoming
aware of the violation, and, within sixty (60) days of submission of the final disclosure resulted in the issuance of a warning or no action letter by BIS, or (2)
otherwise could not reasonably be expected to give rise to an enforcement action, or the imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority;

Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws;

(iii) maintain in effect policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with all applicable Sanctions,


(iv) maintain in effect disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that material information
regarding the Recipient’s and each other Recipient Party's compliance with Applicable Laws (including Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering
Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws) is made known to Principal Persons of the Recipient or such other Recipient Party, as applicable; and

representatives comply with applicable Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and Anti-Corruption Laws.

(v) take all responsible and prudent steps to ensure that each Recipient Party's directors, officers, employees, agents, and

(b) Prohibited Persons; Foreign Entities of Concern. The Recipient shall provide written notice to the Department as soon as
practicable from the date that the Recipient knew or should have known that any Principal Person of any Recipient Party has become a Prohibited Person or
any Recipient Party has become a Foreign Entity of Concern. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), (i) the date that the Recipient “should have known” such
Principal Person became a Prohibited Person shall include, if applicable, (A) the date on which such Principal Person was identified on any Sanctions List, and
(B) the date on which such Principal Person became domiciled in a Sanctioned Country; and (ii) the date that the Recipient “should have known” that any
Recipient Party became a Foreign Entity of Concern shall include, if applicable, the date on which the change in ownership or management that made such
Recipient Party a Foreign Entity of Concern occurred.

(c) Lobbying Restriction. The Recipient shall:

(i) comply with all requirements of 31 U.S.C. § 1352, as amended, including the requirement that no proceeds of any
Disbursement be expended by the Recipient or any of its Affiliates to pay any Person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any
federal agency, a member of the U.S. Congress, an officer or employee of the U.S. Congress, or an employee of a member of Congress in connection with the
making of any Award or any other action described in 31 U.S.C. § 1352(a)(2) and with the implementing regulations at 15 C.F.R. Part 28; and

Foreign Agents Registration Act (22 U.S.C. § 611 et seq.) related to the Projects.

(ii) disclose to the Department any registrations under the Lobbying Disclosure Act (2 U.S.C. § 1601 et seq.) or the

set forth in Annex D (Program Requirements).

(d) Program Requirements. The Recipient shall, and shall cause each other Recipient Party to, comply with all applicable covenants

forth in Section 5 (Affirmative Covenants) of Annex E (Davis-Bacon Act Requirements).

(e) Davis-Bacon Act. The Recipient shall, and shall cause each other Recipient Party to, comply with the affirmative covenants set

(f) Guardrail Provisions.

any, required pursuant to the Guardrail Provisions.

(i) The Recipient shall, and shall cause each other Recipient Party to, comply with the Guardrail Provisions.

(ii) The Recipient shall, and shall cause each other relevant Recipient Party to, comply with each Mitigation Agreement, if

material respects with the following non-discrimination statutes and authorities:

(g) Compliance with Non-Discrimination Laws. The Recipient shall, and shall cause each other Recipient Party to, comply in all


C.F.R. Part 8);

(i) Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. § 2000d et seq.) and the Department’s implementing regulations (15

regulations (15 C.F.R. Part 8a) prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex;

(ii) Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq.), and the Department’s implementing

regulations (15 C.F.R. Part 8b, 41 C.F.R. § 60-741) prohibiting discrimination on the basis of handicap;

(iii) Sections 503 and 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. §§ 793, 794), and the implementing

(iv) the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, as amended (42 U.S.C. § 6101 et seq.), and the Department’s implementing

regulations (15 C.F.R. Part 20);

21); and

(v) Sections 202(1)-(3) of Executive Order 11246;

(vi) the implementing regulations of the Vietnam Era Veterans’ Readjustment Assistance Act (41 C.F.R. §§ 60-300.20-

(vii) any other applicable non-discrimination laws.

(h) Compliance with Whistleblower Protections. The Recipient shall:

(i) promptly disclose in writing, (A) to each of the Director of the CHIPS Program Office, the Department’s Chief Counsel
for Semiconductor Incentives and the OIG, whenever, in connection with this Agreement or a Project, any Recipient Party has credible evidence that a principal,
officer, director, employee, agent, or entity has committed a violation of (1) federal criminal law involving fraud, conflict of interest, bribery, or gratuity violations
(see Title 18 of the United States Code); or (2) the Civil False Claims Act (see 31 U.S.C. §§ 3729-3733); and (B) to the OIG (through
https://www.oig.doc.gov/Pages/Hotline.aspx), whenever, in connection with this Agreement or a Project, any Recipient Party has credible evidence of fraud,
waste, and abuse;

(ii) comply with 41 U.S.C. § 4712 and the whistleblower protections afforded to employees thereby to not discharge,
demote, or otherwise discriminate against an employee as a reprisal for disclosing to a Body of Information that the employee reasonably believes is evidence
of gross mismanagement of any Award, a gross waste of any Award, an abuse of authority relating to any Award, a substantial and specific danger to public
health or safety, or a violation of law, rule, or regulation related to a Federal award, subaward, or contract under a Federal award or subaward; and

language of the workforce, of the foregoing rights under this paragraph (h).

(iii) inform each Recipient Party’s employees and contractors working on the Projects in writing, in the predominant native

(i) Compliance with Trafficking in Persons Laws. The Recipient shall not (and shall cause each other Recipient Party
not to, and shall contractually require that each employee of each Recipient Party shall not): (a) engage in severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in
the TVPA at 22 U.S.C. § 7102); (b) procure a commercial sex act (as defined in the TVPA at 22 U.S.C. § 7102); or (c) use forced labor in the performance of
any Award.

(j) Compliance with Fly America Act. If the Recipient requests a Direct Funding Disbursement to pay expenses for air travel in
connection with the Projects, such air travel shall be on a U.S. flag certified air carrier in compliance with the Fly America Act (49 U.S.C. § 40118), unless (a) a
bilateral or multilateral agreement with the United States provides otherwise; (b) air travel on a U.S. flag certified air carrier between locations outside of the
United States is not reasonably available; or (c) air travel on a U.S. flag certified air carrier between the United States and a location outside of the United
States is not available.


(k) Compliance with National Historic Preservation Act. The Recipient shall comply with and conduct (and shall cause each other
Recipient Party to comply with and conduct) its business, each Project and each Facility in compliance with (i) NHPA; (ii) Archeological and Historic
Preservation Act of 1974 (54 U.S.C. § 312502 et seq.); (iii) Executive Order 11593; (iv) Executive Order 13006; and (v) Executive Order 13007.

7.2.13 Code of Conduct; Conflict of Interest.

(a) Each Recipient Party shall establish and maintain written standards of conduct that include (i) safeguards to prohibit any Principal
Persons and any employee of any Recipient Party from using their positions for a purpose that constitutes or presents the appearance of personal or
organizational Conflict of Interest, or personal gain in the administration of the Award; and (ii) the performance of each Recipient Party’s employees engaged in
the selection, award and administration of contracts.

any federal government employee to the extent it falls within a permissible exception or de minimis threshold in accordance with Applicable Law.

(b) The Recipient shall only provide any in-kind goods or services for the purposes of transportation, travel, or any other expenses for

operated by a Recipient Party) each Project and each Eligible Facility at a Project in accordance with its Authorized Purpose.

7.2.14 Authorized Purpose of the Project. The Recipient shall use, construct, and operate (or cause to be used, constructed and

Section 7.3. Affirmative Covenants during the Upside Sharing Term. The Recipient covenants and agrees that during the Upside Sharing

Term, unless the Department waives compliance in writing:

7.3.1 Books, Records and Inspections; Accounting and Auditing Matters.

(a) The Recipient shall:

(i) keep proper records and books of account in which full, true and correct in all material respects entries in accordance
with the Applicable Accounting Requirements and all Applicable Laws are made in respect of all dealing and transactions relating to the Project-related business
and activities of the Recipient and each Recipient Party; and

obligations under the Financing Documents:

(ii) maintain adequate internal controls, reporting systems and cost control systems that are sufficient to satisfy its

management, accounting and financial reporting;

(A) for overseeing the financial operations of the Recipient and each Recipient Party, including its cash

(B) for supporting the Recipient’s relationship with the Department and the Recipient’s Accountant; and

(C) for facilitating the effective and accurate audit and performance evaluation of the Projects; and

evaluation of the Projects as required by the CHIPS Act and the Guardrail Provisions.

(D) for maintaining such records as are necessary to facilitate an effective and accurate audit and performance

(b) The Recipient shall:

request in connection with monitoring the

(i) reasonably cooperate with the Department, OIG and the Consultants regarding any Project upon the Department’s


construction, operation and performance of such Project and the compliance by the Recipient Parties with the Financing Documents;

(ii) upon reasonable notice and at reasonable times during normal business hours, and subject to reasonable access
restrictions and security controls, permit officers and designated representatives of the Department, its employees, OIG, the Comptroller General and the
Consultants to visit, audit and inspect each Project and any other facilities and Properties of the Recipient in connection with (A) determining whether
Disbursement Milestones have been achieved or the calculation of the True-Up Amount; (B) monitoring progress on any Disbursement Milestone or the
calculation of the True-Up Amount; or (C) performing any audit or investigation of a Project or any Recipient Party in relation to any Project;

(iii) perform an audit of each Project in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards, if so
requested by the Department, its employees, its agents, OIG, the Comptroller General or their authorized representatives, provided that, in no event will the
Recipient be required to adopt in its financial statements any standard other than the Applicable Accounting Requirements;

(iv) reasonably cooperate with any reasonable request of the Department, its employees, its agents, OIG, the
Comptroller General, or their authorized representatives for information or documentation deemed necessary by such party to respond to any audit, evaluation,
compliance review, or congressional inquiry, including, but not limited to, the biannual GAO audit requirement described in 15 U.S.C. § 4652(c) of the CHIPS
Act and the compliance review authorized by 15 U.S.C. § 4652(a)(6)(C) of the CHIPS Act with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.1(c)
(Expansion Clawback Event); and

(v) provide to officers and designated representatives of the Department, its employees, its agents, OIG, the Comptroller
General and the Consultants access to any pertinent books, documents, papers and records of any Recipient Party related to any Project for the purpose of
audit, examination, inspection and monitoring as may be reasonably requested by the Department in connection with the Financing Documents.

(3) years after the Period of Performance.

(c) The Recipient shall retain all records relating to Eligible Uses of Funds with respect to which Disbursements were made for three

(d) In no event will Recipient be required to disclose to the Department or its agents or representatives, in connection with an audit of
any Project or otherwise under this Agreement, trade secrets unrelated to Project performance or competitively sensitive information of Recipient (e.g.,
manufacturing recipes).

(e) Any Consultants or representatives that are not U.S. Government employees that are performing audit work for any Project on
behalf of the Department or U.S. Government must agree to Recipient’s commercially reasonable non-disclosure agreement or similar confidentiality terms
prior to gaining access to Recipient’s books and records.

7.3.2 Maintenance of Existence, Property.

(a) The Recipient shall preserve and maintain (and shall cause each other Recipient Party to preserve and maintain): (i) its legal
existence and corporate status; and (ii) all of its licenses, rights, privileges and franchises material to the development, construction, operation or maintenance
of any Project.

necessary to ensure that the development, construction, operation and maintenance of each Project can be conducted properly and in compliance

(b) The Recipient shall keep (or cause to be kept) all its material Project Assets in good working order and condition to the extent


with the CHIPS Act and all other Applicable Laws, the Required Approvals and its Organizational Documents at all times.

(c) Except as otherwise permitted hereunder, the Recipient shall preserve and maintain (or cause to be preserved and maintained by
a Recipient Party) good and marketable title to or leasehold interest in or rights to the Project Sites and such rights to use each Project Site as are necessary to
construct, operate and maintain the Projects in accordance with the requirements of the Financing Documents and shall, at its own expense, take all actions to
ensure that it has sufficient rights to the Project Sites as is necessary for the development, construction and operation of the Projects as contemplated by the
Financing Documents.

7.3.3 SAM Registration. The Recipient shall maintain its SAM database registration at all times.

7.3.4 Recipient’s Accountant.

(a) The Recipient shall maintain engagement of Recipient’s Accountant at all times; and

(b) The Recipient shall promptly provide notice to the Department of any change of the Recipient’s Accountant.

7.3.5 Close Out Procedure. The Recipient shall cooperate with (and shall cause each other Recipient Party to cooperate with) the
Department to complete the Recipient’s final reports, reconcile all accounting matters, enable the Department to complete its final reports and otherwise
perform reasonable tasks as requested by the Department to close out each Award at the expiration of the applicable Period of Performance.

ARTICLE 8

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Section 8.1. Negative Covenants during the Period of Performance. The Recipient covenants and agrees that during the Period of
Performance (except with respect to the covenants in Sections 8.1.5(d)(ii) (Disposition of non-Project Assets) and 8.1.5(f)(i) (Safe Harbor Covenants.),
which shall apply only during the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on the earlier of June 30, 2031 or the date on which all Projects have
achieved Project Completion), unless the Department waives compliance in writing:

8.1.1 Prohibited Persons; Foreign Entities of Concern.

Concern.

(a) Each Recipient Party shall not become (whether through a transfer or otherwise) a Prohibited Person or a Foreign Entity of

(b) The Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party not to) use any proceeds of any Direct Funding
Disbursement, or lend, contribute, or otherwise make available such funds to any Person, (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Prohibited Person,
or in or with any Sanctioned Country; or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws,
or Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person.

8.1.2 Debarment Regulations.

not to) enter into any contracts for the construction, development, operation or maintenance of any Project with any Person who is debarred or

(a) Unless authorized by the Department in writing, the Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party


suspended from participation in procurement or non-procurement transactions with any United States federal government department or agency pursuant to
any of the Debarment Regulations.

(b) The Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party not to) fail to comply with any or all Debarment
Regulations in a manner which results in the Recipient or such Recipient Party being debarred or suspended from participation in procurement or nonprocurement transactions with any United States federal government department or agency pursuant to any Debarment Regulations.

8.1.3 Disclosed Project Changes.

(a) The Recipient shall not (other than to correct minor or technical errors) change, reallocate, amend, modify, or supplement or
permit or consent, directly or indirectly, to any changes, reallocations, amendments, modifications, or supplements of any Construction and Tool Installation
Budget or Initial Financing Plan that results in an increase or decrease in Total Project Costs of more than ten percent (10%) of the Total Project Costs for the
applicable Project as set forth in the Construction and Tool Installation Budget (each a “Project Change”), except for any Project Change that has been
submitted in writing by the Recipient to the Department (including an explanation in reasonable detail of the reasons for such Project Change) (such change, a
“Disclosed Project Change”).

applicable, and promptly deliver such revisions to the Department in accordance with Annex F (Reporting Covenants).

(b) The Recipient shall cause all Disclosed Project Changes to be reflected in a revised Construction and Tool Installation Budget, as

8.1.4 Restrictions on Liens and Subsidiaries.

Assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in any proceeds or income therefrom, other than Permitted Liens.

(a) Liens. The Recipient shall not, and shall not agree to, create, assume or otherwise permit to exist any Lien upon any Project

(b) Subsidiaries; Partnerships. The Recipient shall not, for the purposes of the ownership, management or operation of any Project
or any material Project Asset: (i) form or have any Subsidiaries (other than the Recipient Parties); (ii) enter into (or permit any other Recipient Party to enter
into) any partnership or a joint venture other than as part of a Permitted Equity Transfer; (iii) enter into (or permit any other Recipient Party to enter into) any
partnership, profit-sharing or royalty agreement or other similar arrangement whereby the relevant Recipient Party’s income or profits are, or might be, shared
with any other Person other than as part of a Permitted Equity Transfer; or (iv) enter into (or permit any other Recipient Party to enter into) any management
contract or similar arrangement whereby its business or operations are managed by any other Person (other than by another Recipient Party, where such
contract or arrangement has been disclosed to the Department).

8.1.5 Disposition; Transfer.

(a) [Reserved.]

(b) Disposition of Project Assets not funded by the Direct Funding Award. The Recipient shall not, and shall not agree to carry
out (or permit any other Recipient Party to carry out) a Disposition of any Project Asset (other than any Project Asset that is acquired or improved with the Direct
Funding Award, which shall be governed by clause (c) below), of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible,
whether now or hereafter acquired, other than a Permitted Disposition.

(c) Disposition of Project Assets funded by the Direct Funding Award. The Recipient shall not, and shall not agree to carry out
(or permit any other Recipient Party to carry out) a Disposition of any Project Asset acquired or improved with the Direct Funding Award (other than a
Disposition falling under part (b) of the definition "Permitted Disposition") unless the proceeds (net of any


transaction costs) of such Disposition are: (i) applied by the relevant Recipient Party to the acquisition of replacement Project Assets (or otherwise reinvested
into the Project) for use in connection with the relevant Project within one hundred eighty (180) days of such Disposition; or (ii) to the extent such proceeds are
not applied to the acquisition of such replacement Project Assets (or otherwise reinvested into the Project) within one hundred eighty (180) days of such
Disposition, paid to the Department promptly after such one hundred eighty (180) day period has elapsed in an amount equal to the product of: (A) the
proceeds from the Disposition of the relevant Disposed Project Assets not applied to the acquisition of replacement Project Assets (or otherwise reinvested into
the Project); and (B) the percentage of the Department’s participation in the original cost of acquiring or improving the relevant Disposed Project Assets for the
relevant Project.

(d) Disposition of non-Project Assets.

(i) subject to paragraph (ii) below, in the event the Recipient carries out (or permits any other Recipient Party to carry out)
a Disposition of Intel Products, or all or substantially all (by voluntary liquidation or otherwise) of the Recipient's client, server or networking business (including
manufacturing arrangements with the Projects) as of the Award Date, the Recipient shall procure as a condition to such Disposition taking effect a covenant
from such Disposed entity to source sixty percent (60%) or more (by quantity) of its leading-edge manufacturing needs from IFC in each fiscal year following the
occurrence of the relevant Change of Control for the Period of Performance, provided that IFC uses the Eligible Facilities at the Projects; and

(ii) in the event the Recipient carries out (or permits any other Recipient Party to carry out) a spin-off under Section 355
or 361 of the Internal Revenue Code of Intel Products, or otherwise of the Recipient's client, server and networking business (including manufacturing
arrangements with the Projects) as of the Award Date, the Recipient shall procure that such spun-off entity enters into a guarantee of the Recipient's payment
obligations that may arise from time to time under this Agreement until the earlier of June 30, 2031 or the date on which all Projects have achieved Project
Completion.

carry out) a Disposition of any Equity Interest in any Recipient Party other than a Permitted Equity Transfer.

(e) Disposition of Equity Interests. The Recipient shall not, and shall not agree to carry out (or permit any other Recipient Party to

(f) Safe Harbor Covenants.

(i) In order to demonstrate that a Change of Control complies with the Safe Harbor Conditions, in relation to a Change of
Control of the Recipient, the Recipient shall, and in the event of a Change of Control in relation to IFC, IFC shall, as applicable, until the earlier of June 30, 2031
or the date on which all Projects have achieved Project Completion:

(A) use commercially reasonable efforts to continue each of the Projects to Project Completion;

server and networking business (including manufacturing arrangements with the Projects) and third-party customers; and

(B) pursue a strategy of manufacturing leading-edge semiconductors in the U.S. for both the Recipient's client,

(C) continue investments in U.S. research and development for semiconductor development (which shall include
leading-edge logic process technology, advanced packaging, and product design) such that the amount of such investments undertaken by the Recipient and
IFC collectively in each fiscal year following the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control is no less than five billion Dollars ($5,000,000,000) on a
consolidated basis.

more (by quantity) of its leading-edge

(ii) In the event of a Change of Control in relation to IFC, the Recipient shall continue to source sixty percent (60%) or


manufacturing needs from IFC in each fiscal year following the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control for the Period of Performance, provided that IFC
uses the Eligible Facilities at the Projects.

8.1.6 Environmental Laws. In all material respects, the Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party not
to): (i) undertake any action or Release any Hazardous Substances in violation of any Environmental Law, or (ii) construct, operate or otherwise carry out any
Project in any manner that would violate any Environmental Law.

8.1.7 Telecommunication and Video Surveillance. The Recipient shall not, and shall cause each Recipient Party, contractor and
subrecipient of proceeds of each Award not to, obligate or expend any proceeds of such Award to procure or obtain, or extend or renew a contract to procure or
obtain, covered telecommunication and video surveillance services or equipment as described in Section 889 of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2019
(Pub. L. No. 115- 232).

8.1.8 No Subawards. The Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party not to) enter into any
construction Subawards for any part of the Direct Funding Award to any agency or employee of the Department or to any other federal employee, department,
agency, or instrumentality, without the Department’s prior written consent.

Section 8.2. Negative Covenants during the Upside Sharing Term. The Recipient covenants and agrees that during the Upside Sharing

Term, unless the Department waives compliance in writing:

8.2.1 Accounting Policies; Corporate Form. The Recipient shall not (and the Recipient shall cause each other Recipient Party not to)
amend or modify its accounting policies, reporting practices, or corporate form (except for changes required by Applicable Law or Applicable Accounting
Requirements) if such change could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or a material impact on the Department’s rights to receive the
Upside Sharing Amount or any portion thereof.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT; CHANGE OF CONTROL EVENTS; REMEDIES

ARTICLE 9

Section 9.1. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following events described in this Section 9.1 (Events of Default) (including any
event occurring after a Change of Control) shall constitute an Event of Default. For the avoidance of doubt, each clause of this Section 9.1 (Events of Default)
shall operate independently, and the occurrence of any such event shall constitute an Event of Default.

9.1.1 Clawback Events.

Project Completion Clawback Date.

(a) Project Completion Clawback Event. The Project Completion Date for any Project shall not have occurred by the applicable

engages in any Joint Research or Technology Licensing activity with any Foreign Entity of Concern in violation of the Guardrail Provisions.

(b) Technology Clawback Event. During the Technology Clawback Term for any Project, the Recipient or any Related Entity

(c) Expansion Clawback Event. During the Expansion Clawback Term, the Recipient or any Members of the Affiliated Group
engages in any Significant Transaction involving the Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity in any Foreign Country of Concern in
violation of the Guardrail Provisions.

respect to Section 7.2.14 (Authorized Purpose of the Project).

(d) Authorized Purpose Clawback Event. The occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 9.1.3 (Other Breaches) with


(e) Property Disposition Clawback Event. Any Disposition in breach of Section 8.1.5(c) (Disposition; Transfer).

9.1.2 Payment Defaults. Any Recipient Party fails to pay, in accordance with the terms of any Financing Document, any fee, charge or
any other amount due under any Financing Document on or before the date such amount is due and such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for a period
of (a) in the case of any payment of the Upside Sharing Amount, forty-five (45) days after the date on which such Upside Sharing Amount was due; and (b) in
the case of any other payment, fifteen (15) days after the date on which such amount was due.

9.1.3 Other Breaches.

(a) The Recipient fails to perform or observe any covenant, term or obligation described in any provision of Section 7.2.8 (Intellectual
Property), Section 7.2.12 (Federal Requirements), or Article 8 (Negative Covenants) (other than Section 8.1.3 (Disclosed Project Changes.)), or Section 1
(Program Requirements not subject to Cure Period) of Annex D (Program Requirements).

Requirements subject to Cure Period) of Annex D (Program Requirements), subject to the cure period set forth in Annex D (Program Requirements).

(b) The Recipient fails to perform or observe any covenant, term or obligation described in any provision of Section 2 (Program

Document to which it is a party (including Section 8.1.3 (Disclosed Project Changes.)), other than any covenant, term or obligation:

(c) Any Recipient Party fails to perform or observe any covenant, term or obligation under this Agreement or any other Award

and remedies set out there; or

(i) included in Annex G (Direct Funding for Workforce Activities), which are subject solely to the termination provisions

(ii) expressly referred to in another provision of this Section 9.1.3 (Other Breaches), unless such failure (A) could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (B) if capable of being remedied, has been remedied (as determined by the Department based
on evidence in form and substance satisfactory to it) within (x) the relevant cure period, if any, specified for such term, covenant or agreement (as applicable) in
such Financing Document; or (y) if no cure period is specified therein, thirty (30) days following the Recipient's Knowledge or receipt by the Recipient of a
written notice of such failure.

9.1.4 Cross Default.

Project.

(a) An LGA Event of Default or, with respect to any Project, an LGA Project- Specific Event of Default occurs in relation to such

(b) The Recipient or any other Recipient Party defaults in the payment of any principal, interest or other amount due under any
agreement or instrument evidencing, or under which the Recipient has outstanding at any time, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in an aggregate amount
in excess of five hundred million Dollars ($500,000,000) for a period beyond any applicable grace period, or any other default occurs (after any applicable
grace, cure or notice periods) under any such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, such
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in an aggregate amount in excess of five hundred million Dollars ($500,000,000).

9.1.5 Unenforceability, Termination, Repudiation or Transfer of Any Financing Document. Any Financing Document at any time and
for any reason: (a) is or becomes invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable or the Recipient has repudiated or disavowed or taken any action to challenge the
validity or enforceability of such agreement; (b) except as otherwise expressly permitted


hereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect except at the stated termination date thereof, or shall be assigned or otherwise transferred by the Recipient
during the Upside Sharing Term (other than with the prior written consent of the Department); or (c) is suspended, revoked or terminated (other than upon
expiration in accordance with its terms when fully performed) by the Recipient, or the Recipient has given irrevocable notice of its intention to terminate.

9.1.6 Required Approvals. (a) The Recipient or any other Recipient Party fails to obtain, renew, maintain or comply in all material
respects with any Required Approval; (b) any such Required Approval is rescinded, terminated (other than in accordance with its terms), suspended, withdrawn
or withheld, is determined to be invalid or ceases to be in full force and effect (other than as a result of the termination of such Required Approval in accordance
with its terms); (c) any such Required Approval is modified in a manner that causes a Material Adverse Effect on the Recipient or any Project; or (d) any notice
shall be issued or any proceedings shall be commenced by or before any Governmental Authority for the purpose of rescinding, terminating, suspending,
withdrawing or withholding any such Required Approval and such proceedings have not been stayed, withdrawn or suspended within thirty (30) days.

9.1.7 Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.

Party, and such proceeding continues undismissed and unstayed for a period of at least sixty (60) days.

(a) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding against the Recipient or any other Recipient

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The institution by the Recipient or any other Recipient Party of any Insolvency Proceeding, or the
admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its Indebtedness generally as it becomes due or its general failure to pay its Indebtedness as it becomes due, or
any other event has occurred that under any Applicable Law would have an effect analogous to any of those events listed above, or any action is taken by any
such Recipient Party for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing.

(c) Dissolution. The dissolution of the Recipient or any other Recipient Party (other than any dissolution of any Recipient Party
pursuant to a merger or consolidation of such Recipient Party with another Recipient Party, where such other Recipient Party is the surviving entity of such
merger or consolidation).

9.1.8 Attachment. An attachment or analogous process is levied or enforced upon or issued against any of the assets of any Project or
of any Recipient Party in excess of five hundred million Dollars ($500,000,000), or which, in any case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

9.1.9 Judgments. One or more Governmental Judgments shall be entered (a) against any Recipient Party and such Governmental
Judgments have not been vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal for any period of forty-five (45) days, and the aggregate amount of all such
Governmental Judgments outstanding at any time (except to the extent any applicable insurer(s) have acknowledged liability therefor) exceeds five hundred
million Dollars ($500,000,000), or such Governmental Judgment could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) such Governmental
Judgment is in the form of an injunction or similar form of relief that is not satisfied, vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded and requires Abandonment of any
Project.

9.1.10 Abandonment.

(a) The Recipient Abandons any Project at any time prior to the occurrence of the Project Completion Date for such Project.

(b) At any time on or following the occurrence of the Project Completion Date for any Project, the Recipient Abandons such Project.


9.1.11 Environmental Matters. (a) Any material Action under or relating to any Environmental Law or asserting any Environmental Claim
has been instituted against the Recipient or any other Recipient Party in connection with any Project; or (b) in connection with any Project, any material
Governmental Judgment is issued relating to any material Environmental Claim, Environmental Law or any Required Approval issued under any Environmental
Law, and such Action or Governmental Judgment is not vacated, discharged or stayed within ninety (90) days.

9.1.12 Misstatements; Omissions. Any representation or warranty confirmed or made in any Financing Document by or on behalf of the
Recipient or any other Recipient Party or in any certificate, Financial Statement or other document provided by or on behalf of any such Recipient Party to the
Department or any Consultant in connection with the Recipient's obligations under the Financing Documents shall be found to have been incorrect, false or
misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to have been made.

9.1.13 Change of Control. A Change of Control occurs in relation to any Recipient Party other than the Recipient and IFC (other than
any Change of Control in relation to such Recipient Party that is also a Change of Control Event under Section 9.2.1 (Change of Control.), or would be a
Change of Control Event under Section 9.2.1 (Change of Control.) but for compliance with the Safe Harbor Conditions).

of the property or assets of any Recipient Party; or (b) takes lawful action to displace the management of any Recipient Party.

9.1.14 Certain Governmental Actions. Any Governmental Authority: (a) lawfully condemns or assumes custody of all or substantially all

9.1.15 Compliance with Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws.

to violate, any Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti- Money Laundering Laws, or Anti-Corruption Laws.

(a) The making or use of any Direct Funding Disbursement or any use of any proceeds of the Award violates, or causes any Person

(b) Any violation by any Recipient Party of any Sanctions, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Anti-Corruption Laws.

(c) Any violation by any Recipient Party of any applicable Export Control Laws except for any actual or potential violations that involve
only unintentional minor, technical infractions, which either (1) were voluntarily self-disclosed to BIS within sixty (60) days of the Recipient Party becoming
aware of the violation, and, within sixty (60) days of submission of the final disclosure resulted in the issuance of a warning or no action letter by BIS, or (2)
otherwise could not reasonably be expected to give rise to an enforcement action, or the imposition of any fine or penalty by any Governmental Authority.

(d) Any Recipient Party becomes a Prohibited Person.

Principal Person within thirty (30) days from such Recipient Party’s Knowledge of such occurrence.

(e) Any Principal Person of any Recipient Party becomes a Prohibited Person, unless such Recipient Party removes or replaces such

Section 9.2. Change of Control Events. The occurrence of any of the following events described in this Section 9.2 (Change of Control
Events), at any time prior to the earlier of June 30, 2031 or the date on which all Projects have achieved Project Completion, shall constitute a Change of
Control Event. For the avoidance of doubt, each clause of this Section 9.2 (Change of Control Events) shall operate independently, and the occurrence of any
such event shall constitute a Change of Control Event.


9.2.1 Change of Control.

(a) A Change of Control occurs in relation to the Recipient, unless, with respect to a Change of Control falling under part (a)(i), (ii) or
(iv) of the definition "Change of Control" only: (i) the Recipient certifies in an Officer’s Certificate in advance of the relevant transaction that the applicable Safe
Harbor Conditions have been met, and (ii) no Safe Harbor Condition is subsequently breached, revoked or invalidated.

(b) A Change of Control occurs in relation to IFC, unless, with respect to a Change of Control falling under part (b)(i) or (ii) of the
definition "Change of Control" only: (i) the Recipient certifies in an Officer’s Certificate in advance of the relevant transaction that the applicable Safe Harbor
Conditions have been met, and (ii) no Safe Harbor Condition is subsequently breached, revoked or invalidated.

8.1.5(d) (Disposition of non-Project Assets) or Section 8.1.5(f) (Safe Harbor Covenants.).

9.2.2 Other Breaches. The Recipient fails to perform or observe any covenant, term or obligation described in any provision of Section

Section 9.3. Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events. Subject to Section 9.4 (Automatic Acceleration) and Section
10.13 (Dispute Resolution), upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (including any Event of Default arising after a Change of
Control) or a Change of Control Event, the Department may, subject to the Federal Claims Collection Act of 1966, as amended, without further notice of default,
presentment or demand for payment, protest or notice of non-payment or dishonor, or other notices or demands of any kind, all such notices and demands
being waived (to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws), exercise one or more of the rights and remedies set forth below (in any combination or order that the
Department may elect, provided that, in relation to a Project-Specific Event of Default (but without regard to any other Event of Default), the remedies below in
clauses (b), (c), (d), (f), (h), (j), (k), (l) and (p) may only be exercised by the Department in respect of the Project or Projects to which that Project-Specific Event
of Default relates, any portion of the Direct Funding Award or the Workforce Award attributable to any such Project, and any Disbursements made or requested
in respect of any such Project):

applicable) and requiring the Recipient to remedy the same in accordance with a corrective action plan in form and substance satisfactory to the Department;

(a) provide the Recipient with written notice specifying the nature and extent of the Event of Default or Change of Control Event (as

(b) impose additional conditions pending implementation of any corrective actions required by the Department;

(c) suspend or terminate, all or any portion of, the Maximum Award Amount;

(d) temporarily withhold or suspend a Disbursement;

Agreement and the Award;

(e) (in relation to an Event of Default which is not a Project-Specific Event of Default, or a Change of Control Event) terminate this

Event of Default or Change of Control Event (as applicable) is cured;

(f) refuse, and the Department shall not be obligated, to review any Disbursement Request until and if such time as the relevant

(g) with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.3(a) (Other Breaches) arising in relation to a breach of Section 7.2.12(i)
(Compliance with Trafficking in Persons Laws) or Change of Control Event (as applicable), take such action available to the Department pursuant to 22
U.S.C. § 7104(c);


(h) with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.1(a) (Project Completion Clawback Event), demand recovery on a
progressive basis up to the full amount of the proceeds paid to the Recipient for the applicable Project (including for the avoidance of doubt, for the Fab 62
Project and the Ohio Project, the full proceeds of any Disbursements in respect of their respective Customer Milestones) in a manner to be determined and
notified by the Department to the Recipient in connection with such demand; provided that, in establishing a progressive recovery schedule, the Department
may consider the following factors, as determined by the Department:

achieve Project Completion;

(i) the time the Department estimates will be required beyond the Project Completion Clawback Date for the Recipient to

(ii) the likelihood, in the Department’s belief, that the Recipient can achieve the Project Completion Date;

(iii) the then-current production of the Project relative to expected capacity;

(iv) the reasons for the delay in achieving the Project Completion Date, including economic cyclicality; and

(v) any other relevant factors determined by the Department; provided, however, that notwithstanding the forgoing, in the
event that the Recipient does not achieve a Project Completion Date by the applicable Project Completion Clawback Date, in no instance shall the Department
recover more than twenty percent (20%) of the Direct Funding Disbursements paid to the Recipient if the Recipient is expected to achieve such Project
Completion Date within one (1) year after the applicable Project Completion Clawback Date;

(i) with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.1(b) (Technology Clawback Event) or Section 9.1.1(c) (Expansion
Clawback Event), exercise the remedies, mitigation, and clawbacks available in accordance with Section 7 (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of the
Guardrail Provisions;

(j) with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.1(e) (Property Disposition Clawback Event), demand recovery of an
amount equal to the proceeds from the relevant Disposition as a debt payable to the Department in a manner to be determined and notified by the Department
to the Recipient in connection with such demand;

(k) with respect to any Fundamental Event of Default or Change of Control Event, demand recovery of all or part of the Direct
Funding Disbursements paid to the Recipient as a debt payable to the Department in accordance with the terms of such demand; provided that, where the
Fundamental Event of Default is a Project-Specific Event of Default, recovery will be limited only to the Direct Funding Disbursements related to that Project or
Projects;

(l) with respect to an Event of Default under Section 9.1.3 (Other Breaches) arising in relation to a breach of 7.2.6 (Eligible Uses of
Funds.), demand recovery of an amount equal to the proceeds of the relevant Direct Funding Disbursement used for Ineligible Uses of Funds in a manner to
be determined and notified by the Department to the Recipient in connection with such demand;

(m) take such action available to the Department pursuant to the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 – 3733);

(n) reject any current or future application for any CHIPS Incentives submitted by the Recipient or any Affiliate;

(o) initiate suspension or debarment proceedings in accordance with Applicable Law; and


(p) subject to Section 9.5 (Specific Performance), exercise any other rights and remedies available under the Financing Documents
or otherwise available under Applicable Law by appropriate proceedings, including to enforce the payment of any amount due and payable under the Financing
Documents, to charge interest, penalties and administrative costs on overdue debts in accordance with the Debt Collection Act, for damages, or for the specific
performance of those certain provisions of this Agreement set out in Section 9.5 (Specific Performance), provided, however, that for the occurrence of any
Event of Default under Section 9.1.1(e) (Property Disposition Clawback Event), the Department shall be limited to the remedy set forth in Section 9.3(j)
above.

Section 9.4. Automatic Acceleration. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default referred to in any provision of Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy;
Insolvency; Dissolution.), (a) the Maximum Award Amount shall automatically be terminated; and (b) the full amount of the Disbursements theretofore
disbursed and all other liabilities of the Recipient accrued hereunder shall automatically become due and payable as a debt to the Department, without any
other presentment, demand, diligence, protest, notice of acceleration, or other notice of any kind, all of which the Recipient hereby expressly waives.

Section 9.5. Specific Performance.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage, for which monetary damages (even if available) would not be an
adequate remedy, would occur in the event that any Recipient Party does not perform certain provisions of this Agreement in accordance with their specified
terms or otherwise breach such provisions. Accordingly, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the Department shall be entitled to seek an injunction, specific
performance and/or other equitable relief of the following obligations under this Agreement: Section 7.1 (Reporting Covenants), Section 7.2.1 (Internal
Controls; Monitoring and Reporting), Section 7.2.2 (Operations), Section 7.2.3 (Compliance with Applicable Law), Section 7.2.12(d) (Program
Requirements) (in respect of the covenants set forth in the following sections of Annex D (Program Requirements): section 2.2 (Economic and National
Security Objectives: Prohibited Equipment), section 2.9 (Workforce Strategy: Worker Investments) and section 2.19 (Broader Impacts: Community
Investment)), 7.2.12(e) (Davis-Bacon Act), 7.2.12(f) (Guardrail Provisions) and 7.2.12(h) (Compliance with Whistleblower Protections), Section 7.2.13
(Code of Conduct; Conflict of Interest.), Section 7.3.1 (Books, Records and Inspections; Accounting and Auditing Matters.), Section 7.3.3 (SAM
Registration), Section 7.3.4 (Recipient’s Accountant.), Section 7.3.5 (Close Out Procedure), Section 8.1.2 (Debarment Regulations.), Section 8.1.7
(Telecommunications and Video Surveillance), and Section 8.2.1 (Accounting Policies; Corporate Form), in addition to any other remedy to which the
Department may be entitled at law or in equity.

(b) The Recipient agrees that it shall not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance and/or other equitable relief
sought by the Department in connection with Section 8.4(a) above on the basis that the Department has an adequate remedy at law or that any award of an
injunction, specific performance and/or other equitable relief is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or in equity. In seeking (a) an injunction or
injunctions in connection with Section 8.4(a) above; (b) to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in connection with Section 8.4(a)
above ; and/or (c) other equitable relief in connection with Section 8.4(a) above, the Department shall not be required to show proof of actual damages or to
provide any bond or other security in connection with any such remedy.

Section 9.6 Right of Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Laws or otherwise, and not by way of limitation
of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or Change of Control Event (as applicable), the Department is
hereby authorized at any time or from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind to the Recipient or to any other Person,
any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or
final) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or owing by the Department


(including by any branches and agencies of the Department wherever located) to or for the credit or the account of the Recipient against and on account of the
Department Obligations and liabilities of the Recipient to the Department under this Agreement or any other Financing Document.

Section 9.7. Workforce Award Remedies. The Department may exercise one or more of the rights and remedies set forth in accordance with
Annex G (Direct Funding for Workforce Activities) upon the failure of the Recipient to perform or observe any covenant, term or obligation set forth in such
Annex G (Direct Funding for Workforce Activities).

Section 9.8. Recipient’s Right to Repay.

(a) The Recipient shall have the right to resolve any Fundamental Event of Default, Clawback Event or Change of Control Event, in
each case, (x) that is not intentionally caused or created by the Recipient for the purpose of invoking this Section 9.8, (y) which the Department has not waived,
either at the Recipient's request or using the Department's sole discretion (except that the Department may not waive a Clawback Event in Section 9.1.1(a) or a
Fundamental Event of Default in Section 9.1.10, absent a Recipient waiver request) and (z) in relation to which the Department has not invoked the Dispute
resolution procedure pursuant to Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.) within thirty (30) days of receipt of a notice of the above events, by:

(i) in the case of a Fundamental Event of Default or Clawback Event which is a Project-Specific Event of Default (other
than under part (i) of the definition "Project-Specific Event of Default"), (A) paying to the Department an amount equal to the proceeds paid to the Recipient
pursuant to the Direct Funding Disbursements made hereunder and the outstanding FFB Advances made under the Loan Guarantee Agreement with respect to
the applicable Project minus any amount returned to the Department as a result of any Clawback Event and any payment pursuant to Section 9.3(k)
(Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events), and (B) cancelling any unutilized portion of the Award hereunder or under the Loan
Guarantee Agreement in respect of the applicable Project; or

(ii) in the case of any Fundamental Event of Default or Clawback Event other than a Project-Specific Event of Default, or
any Change of Control Event, (A) paying to the Department an amount equal to the proceeds paid to the Recipient pursuant to all Direct Funding
Disbursements made hereunder and all outstanding FFB Advances made under the Loan Guarantee Agreement minus any amount returned to the Department
as a result of any Clawback Event, any payment pursuant to Section 9.3(k) (Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events) and any prior
payment under this Section 9.8, and (B) cancelling any unutilized portion of the Award hereunder or under the Loan Guarantee Agreement in full, together with,
in the case of (i) and (ii) above, any unpaid fees, costs or expenses due hereunder or under the Loan Guarantee Agreement, and upon such payment the Event
of Default shall be deemed resolved and no longer in effect.

(b) With any resolution of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.8(a)(i) with respect to a Project, the Recipient shall no longer
have obligations under this Agreement with respect to such Project other than those provisions listed in Section 10.21 and the following covenants: Section 7.1
(Reporting Covenants.), Section 7.2.12(e) (Davis-Bacon Act), Section 7.2.14 (Authorized Purpose of the Project), and Section 7.3.1 (Books, Records
and Inspections; Accounting and Auditing Matters.). With any resolution of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.8(a)(ii), the Recipient shall remain
subject to all provisions of this Agreement other than in respect of the resolved Fundamental Event of Default, Clawback Event or Change of Control Event.

Section 9.9. Department Rights. The Parties agree that each calculation by the Department of any amount or fees payable hereunder shall be

conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.


Section 9.10. Recipient's Obligations and Liabilities.

(a) The Recipient accepts and acknowledges that under the terms of this Agreement it may incur liabilities hereunder, and is
undertaking payment and performance obligations in respect of any such liabilities, as a result of certain actions or inactions, or circumstances affecting, the
other Recipient Parties (whether existing as of the Award Date or hereafter created), and notwithstanding that such action, inaction or circumstance may occur
without the Recipient's prior Knowledge or consent, or at a time when the Recipient has no Control of or Ownership Interest in relevant Recipient Parties as a
result of a Change of Control in IFC.

(b) Following any Change of Control in IFC, and subject to the termination of the obligations of the Recipient hereunder as expressly
provided for in Section 10.21 (Termination; Survival.), the Recipient accepts and acknowledges that it will remain obligated for all Department Obligations that
may arise from time to time, including Department Obligations arising when the Recipient has no Control of or Ownership Interest in IFC, and that such
Department Obligations shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, including any claim of waiver, release,
surrender, alteration or compromise with any Recipient Party other than the Recipient, and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim,
recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of such Department Obligations or otherwise with respect to IFC
(other than defense of payment). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.10(b) prevents the Recipient from disputing whether there are
Department Obligations.

ARTICLE 10

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 10.1. Addresses. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 10.2 (Use of Websites.), any communications, including any notices,
between or among the parties to the Financing Document shall be provided using the addresses listed in Schedule F (Addresses). All notices or other
communications required or permitted to be given under the Financing Documents shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly given: (a) if delivered
in person; (b) if sent by overnight delivery service for domestic delivery or international courier for international delivery; (c) in the event overnight delivery
service or international courier service is not readily available, if mailed by first class mail (or airmail for international delivery), postage prepaid, registered or
certified with return receipt requested; (d) if sent by facsimile or telecopy with transmission verified; or (e) if transmitted by electronic mail, to the electronic mail
address set forth in Schedule F (Addresses). Notice so given shall be effective upon delivery to the addressee, except that communication or notice so
transmitted by facsimile or telecopy or other direct written electronic means shall be deemed to have been validly and effectively given on the day (if a Business
Day and, if not, on the following Business Day) on which it is validly transmitted if transmitted before 5:00 p.m., Recipient’s time, and if transmitted after that
time, on the next following Business Day. Any Party has the right to change its address for notice under any of the Financing Documents to any other location
by giving prior written notice to each of the other Parties in the manner set forth herein above.

Section 10.2. Use of Websites.

(a) The Recipient hereby agrees that it shall provide to the Department all information, documents and other materials that it is
obligated to furnish to the Department pursuant to the Financing Documents, including, inter alia, all notices, requests, financial statements, financial and other
reports, certificates and other information materials, but excluding any such communication that (i) relate to service of process; (ii) any notice, certificate or
other document required under the terms of the relevant Financing Document to be sent in a specific format or via a specific method; or (iii) any notifications,
certifications or additional information submitted pursuant to the Guardrail Provisions (all such non-excluded communications being referred to herein
collectively as “Communications”), by posting the Communications, in an electronic/soft medium in a format acceptable to the Department and


using procedures acceptable to the Department, on Salesforce or a substantially similar electronic transmission system used by the Department and which is
notified in writing to the Recipient (the “Platform”). In addition, the Recipient agrees to continue to provide the Communications to the Department in any other
manner specified in the Financing Documents, but only to the extent requested by the Department. The Recipient further agrees that the Department may make
the Communications available to the other Persons via the Platform, but only where such Persons are authorized to receive such Communications with a need
to know as it relates to the relevant Project and consistent with Section 10.22 (DOC Confidentiality). If, at any point, the Platform is not available, the Recipient
shall provide Communications to the Department pursuant to Section 10.1 (Addresses).

(b) The Department may, but is not obligated to, furnish all notices, requests, demands, information or other communication (other
than service of process) to the Recipient under the Financing Documents by posting them on the Platform. Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the
Department to give any notice, request, demand, information or other communication pursuant to any Financing Document in any other manner specified in
such Financing Document.

effective only when actually made available in readable form on the Platform.

(c) Any communication or document as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) above made or delivered by one party to another shall be

(d) Any communication or document which becomes effective, in accordance with paragraph (c) above, after 5:00 p.m. in the place in
which the party to whom the relevant communication or document is made available has its address for the purpose of this Agreement shall be deemed only to
become effective on the following day.

Section 10.3 Further Assurances. The Recipient shall execute and deliver to the Department such additional documents and take such
additional actions as the Department may require to carry out the purposes of the Financing Documents or that the Department may reasonably request in
writing to: (a) cause the Financing Documents to be properly executed, binding and enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and (b) enable the Department to
preserve, protect, exercise and enforce all other rights, remedies, or interests granted or purported to be granted under the Financing Documents.

Section 10.4. Non-Discrimination. No person in the United States may, on the ground of race, color, national origin, handicap, age, religion, or

sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subject to discrimination under, this Agreement.

Section 10.5. Waiver and Amendment.

(a) No failure or delay by the Recipient or the Department in exercising any right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof
or otherwise impair any rights, powers, or remedies of the Recipient or the Department. No single or partial exercise of any such right, power, or remedy shall
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other legal right, power, or remedy.

(b) The rights, powers or remedies provided for herein are, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, cumulative and are not
exclusive of any other rights, powers or remedies provided by law or in any other Financing Document. The assertion or employment of any right, power or
remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion of any other right, power or remedy.

discharged, or terminated unless such amendment, waiver, discharge, or termination is in writing and executed by the Recipient and the Department.

(c) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be amended, waived,


provisions set forth in 15 U.S.C. § 4652(a)(5)(D).

(d) Any waiver or amendment of any Project Completion Clawback Date shall be subject to the waiver and congressional notification

Section 10.6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any agreement, document, or instrument attached to this Agreement or referred to
herein, integrates all the terms and conditions mentioned herein or incidental to this Agreement and supersedes all prior drafts, discussions, term sheets,
commitments, negotiations, agreements, and understandings, oral or written, of the Parties in respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Section 10.7. Effectiveness. This Agreement is effective upon execution.

Section 10.8. Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by, and construed
and interpreted in accordance with, the federal law of the United States. To the extent that federal law does not specify the appropriate rule of decision for a
particular matter at issue, it is the intention and agreement of the Parties that the law of the State of New York (without giving effect to its conflict of laws
principles (except Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law)) shall be adopted as the governing federal rule of decision.

Section 10.9. Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in any Financing Document should be illegal, invalid, or
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and the
Parties hereto shall engage the parties to the Financing Documents to enter into good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable
provision with a provision as similar in its terms and purpose to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and
enforceable.

Section 10.10. Limitation on Liability. No claim shall be made by any Recipient Party against the Department or any of its Affiliates,
directors, employees, attorneys, or agents, including the Consultants, for any special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages (whether or not the
claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by law), in connection with, arising out of or in any way related to this Agreement or the other
Financing Documents or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and the Recipient hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue
upon any such claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued, and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. In no circumstance will the
aggregate liability of the Recipient and any Recipient Party under this Agreement exceed the amount of funds received by the Recipient under this
Agreement, except in the event of fraud or in the case of any liability arising under Section 10.18 (Indemnification.).

Section 10.11. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY,
INTENTIONALLY, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY DISPUTE BASED HEREON, OR
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE RECIPIENT. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR EACH PARTY TO ENTER
INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER FINANCING DOCUMENTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS DISCUSSED THIS WAIVER
OF RIGHT TO JURY WITH ITS COUNSEL, UNDERSTANDS THE RAMIFICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER, AND KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AGREES
TO THIS WAIVER.

Section 10.12. Consent to Jurisdiction. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Recipient irrevocably and unconditionally:

connection with this Agreement or any other Financing Document, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the

(a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding against it by the United States government arising out of or in


non- exclusive general jurisdiction of (i) the courts of the United States in or for the District of Columbia; (ii) the courts of the United States in or for the Southern
District of New York; (iii) any other federal court of competent jurisdiction in any other jurisdiction where it or any of its property may be found; and (iv) appellate
courts from any of the foregoing;

(b) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in or removed to such courts, and waives any objection, or right to
stay or dismiss any action or proceeding, that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action
or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same;

(c) agrees that nothing herein shall (i) affect the right of the Department to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by
law; or (ii) limit the right of the Department to commence proceedings against or otherwise sue the Recipient or any other Person in any other court of
competent jurisdiction nor shall the commencement of proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the commencement of proceedings in any other
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if, and to the extent, permitted by the Applicable Laws; and

(d) agrees that judgment against it in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction
within or outside the U.S. by suit on the judgment or otherwise as provided by law, a certified or exemplified copy of which judgment shall be conclusive
evidence of the fact and amount of the Recipient’s obligation.

Section 10.13. Dispute Resolution.

(a) Scope and Severability. Except for provisions of this Agreement excluded in Section 10.13(h) (Excluded Provisions), any
disagreement, claim, misunderstanding, or dispute (collectively, a “Dispute”) between the Parties concerning questions of fact or law arising from, or in
connection with, this Agreement, irrespective of whether such Dispute concerns an alleged breach of this Agreement or interpretation of the Agreement or this
Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution), may be raised by either Party under this Section 10.13, except that (i) this Section 10.13 is subject to and superseded by
the Secretary's rights and requirements of the Secretary under 15 CFR § 231.304 – 231.307, as applicable, and (ii) no Party shall have the right to raise any
matter as a Dispute arbitrarily or capriciously, or concerning a question of fact or law that has already been raised (or in relation to which a substantially similar
matter has already been raised) under this Section 10.13.

(b) General Principles. If a Dispute arises, the Parties shall attempt to resolve the issue(s) involved by discussion and mutual
agreement as soon as practicable. In no event shall a Dispute that arose more than ninety (90) days prior to the notification made under Section 10.13(c)
constitute the basis for relief under this Section unless the Department, at its sole discretion, waives this requirement. For the avoidance of doubt, failing to
raise a Dispute within such ninety (90) day period does not prejudice any judicial remedies a Party may seek.

(c) Notice. Failing resolution by mutual agreement of the Parties as described under Section 10.13(b) (General Principles), the
aggrieved Party shall document the Dispute by notifying the other Party (the “responding Party”) in writing, documenting the relevant facts, identifying
unresolved issues, specifying the clarification or remedy sought, detailing the rationale as to why the clarification/remedy is appropriate and identifying the event
related to such Dispute that corresponds with the header “Relevant Event” listed in Schedule G (Dispute Resolution) (each, a “Dispute Notice”).

(d) Referral to Initial Decision-Maker. The aggrieved Party shall promptly deliver the Dispute Notice to the responsible person
within the responding Party (the “Referral”) in accordance with Schedule G (Dispute Resolution), which specifies the responsible person or persons, or the
authorized designee or designees for each Party (hereinafter, the “Initial Decision-Maker”) based on the corresponding event related to such Dispute initiated
by the aggrieved Party. For a Dispute


related to an event not listed in Schedule G (Dispute Resolution), the aggrieved Party shall deliver the Dispute Notice to the Initial Decision-Maker of the
responding Party listed in Schedule G (Dispute Resolution) that corresponds with the header “Other Events.”

(e) Decision by Initial Decision-Maker. Within up to ten (10) days after providing a Dispute Notice to the responding Party in
accordance with Section 10.13(d) (Referral to Initial Decision-Maker), the aggrieved Party may provide any other new relevant facts in writing to the Initial
Decision-Maker of the responding Party. Such Initial Decision-Maker will conduct a review of the Dispute and render a decision with respect to the Dispute, in
writing, within thirty (30) days after the date of the Dispute Notice. The Initial Decision-Maker may make any reasonable inquiries to aid in the preparation of its
decision with respect to the matter and seek extension of any applicable time limits, by mutual agreement of the Parties. Any decision issued by the Initial
Decision-Maker shall be the final decision of the responding Party, unless the aggrieved Party shall, within up to ten (10) days from the receipt of the written
decision of the Initial Decision-Maker request Escalation as provided by Section 10.13(f) (Escalation).

(f) Escalation. If requested in writing by the aggrieved Party’s Escalation Decision Maker within up to ten (10) days of receipt of the
written decision of the Initial Decision-Maker pursuant to Section 10.13(e) (Decision by Initial Decision-Maker) above, the Responding Party will make the
person or persons listed in Schedule G (Dispute Resolution) for the corresponding event available for a formal consultation. Unless mutually agreed otherwise
by the Parties, each Party’s Escalation Decision- makers, or their authorized designees with full and final decision-making authority, shall meet in-person or
electronically by video within up to twenty (20) days of a request for escalation, at a convenient time and place (the “Escalation Decision-Maker Meeting”).
The responding Party’s Escalation Decision-Maker (or authorized designee) shall submit a written decision with respect to the Dispute as soon as possible after
the Escalation Decision-Maker Meeting, and in any event within one hundred eighty (180) days of the Referral. This decision issued by the responding Party’s
Escalation Decision-Maker shall be the final decision of the responding Party.

(g) Unresolved Dispute. In the event an aggrieved Party disagrees with the decision described in Section 10.13(f) (Escalation)
within three (3) days therefrom, or in the absence of any written decision by the responding Party’s Escalation Decision-Maker (or authorized designee) within
one hundred eighty (180) days of the corresponding Referral, either Party may pursue any right or remedy under the Financing Documents or provided by
Applicable Law, provided that neither Party may pursue any such right or remedy prior to the date falling one hundred eighty (180) days after the Referral (or
such earlier date as may be mutually agreed by the Parties).

(h) Excluded Provisions. The following provisions of this Agreement are excluded from this Article:

(i) Section 9.1.4(b) (Cross Default.);

(ii) Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.); and

(iii) Section 9.2.1 (Change of Control) (other than where the relevant Dispute concerns the Recipient certification in
respect of the Safe Harbor Conditions pursuant to 9.2.1(a)(i) or 9.2.1(b)(i), in which case such Dispute shall fall within the scope of this Article pursuant to
Section 10.13(k) (Change of Control Dispute)).

(i) Stay of Remedies. During the pendency of any Dispute under this Article, the Department's remedies (including, but not limited to,
the right to declare all amounts immediately due and payable in connection with a debt hereunder, but excluding those remedies listed in Section 10.13(j)
(Excluded Remedies)), for an Event of Default, Project Event of Default, or Change of Control Event relating to such Dispute, shall be stayed.


Default, a Project Event of Default, or a Change of Control Event shall not be stayed:

(j) Excluded Remedies. During the pendency of any Dispute under this Articles, the following Department remedies for an Event of

such an Event of Default, or a Change of Control Event, has arisen) the right to temporarily withhold or suspend a Direct Funding Disbursement.

(ii) (where an Event of Default that is not a Project-Specific Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default in respect of

(i) rights of the Secretary, as provided in Section 7 of the Guardrail Regulations; and

(k) Change of Control Dispute.

(i) Where the Department disagrees with or requires further information in connection with the Recipient's certification in
respect of, or the Recipient's, IFC's or the Safe Harbor Investor's compliance with (as applicable), the Safe Harbor Conditions in accordance with Section
9.2.1(a) or 9.2.1(b) (Change of Control), the Parties shall attempt to resolve the issue(s) involved by discussion and mutual agreement as soon as practicable
for a period of thirty (30) days.

(ii) At the end of the thirty (30) day period described in Section 10.13(k)(i), if the matter has not been resolved to the
Department's satisfaction, the Department may exercise its remedies under Section 9.3 (Remedies for Events of Default and Change of Control Events),
including but not limited to the recovery of Direct Funding Disbursements pursuant to Section 9.3(k).

(iii) The Recipient may contest any decision by the Department to exercise its remedies in accordance with Section
10.13(k)(ii) by issuing a Dispute Notice to the Department for accelerated Dispute resolution (the "COC Referral"). The Dispute shall then be escalated within
both Parties to the applicable Escalation Decision-Maker. In the event the Escalation Decision-Makers cannot reach a written agreement within forty-five (45)
days of the date of the COC Referral, either Party may pursue any right or remedy under the Financing Documents or provided by Applicable Law, provided that
neither Party may pursue any such right or remedy prior to the date falling forty-five (45) days after the COC Referral (or such earlier date as may be mutually
agreed by the Parties).

Section 10.14. Successors and Assigns.

permitted assigns.

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and

Document without the prior written consent of the Department.

(b) The Recipient shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or under any Financing

Section 10.15. Reinstatement. This Agreement and each other relevant Financing Document shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as
the case may be, if at any time payment or performance of the Recipient’s obligations hereunder, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to Applicable Laws or
Governmental Judgment, rescinded or reduced in amount or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Department. In the event that any payment or any
part thereof is so rescinded, reduced, restored, or returned, such obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so
rescinded, reduced, restored, or returned, and this Agreement and each other relevant Financing Document shall remain in full force and effect until the
indefeasible payment and discharge in full of such obligations.

Section 10.16. No Partnership; Etc. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in any other Financing Document shall be deemed or construed to

create a partnership, tenancy-in-common, joint


tenancy, joint venture, or co-ownership by, between, or among the Department and the Recipient or any other Person. The Department shall not be in any way
responsible or liable for the indebtedness, losses, obligations, or duties of the Recipient or any other Person with respect to any Project or otherwise. All
obligations to pay Real Property or other taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, and all other fees and expenses in connection with or arising from the
ownership, operation, or occupancy of any Project or any other assets and to perform all obligations under the agreements and contracts relating to any Project
or any other assets shall be the sole responsibility of the Recipient.

Section 10.17. Marshaling. The Department shall not be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of the Recipient or any other

Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Department Obligations.

Section 10.18. Indemnification.

(a) The Recipient shall indemnify the Department and each of its officers, employees, attorneys and agents (each an “Indemnied
Party”) from and against any liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, judgments, lawsuits, costs and expenses (other than attorneys’ costs
and fees) (each an “Indemnied Liability”) for which an Indemnied Party may become responsible because of a claim asserted by a third party related to the
Award, the use of Disbursements, this Agreement, any Financing Document, or any Project; provided, that the Recipient shall not have an indemnication
obligation hereunder if the third party’s claim is based solely on the conduct of the Department (and no other Party) or arises from the bad faith, gross
negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnied Party (as determined pursuant to a final, Non-Appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction).

corresponding indemnication provision in the Loan Guarantee Agreement is$2,000,000,000.

(b) The Parties agree that the maximum cumulative amount of the Recipient’s indemnity obligation under this Section 10.18 and the

provided that any failure to give such notice shall not release the Recipient from any of its indemnification obligations hereunder.

(c) An Indemnied Party shall give timely notice to Recipient of any action for which indemnication hereunder may be sought;

(d) The Recipient agrees that the Department has sole authority regarding the conduct of litigation brought against an Indemnied
Party and Recipient agrees that the decisions of the Department regarding the litigation, trial or settlement do not relieve Recipient of its indemnication
obligations hereunder. The Department agrees that it will advise Recipient regarding the conduct of litigation and that Recipient shall be given the opportunity at
its own expense to advise the Department of its views regarding such litigation, including any settlement related thereto. The Department agrees that it will not
compromise or settle any Indemnied Liability, until it has advised the Recipient, as provided above, and has been authorized by the government official with
authority to approve settlements pursuant to applicable rules. No provision herein shall restrict, modify or otherwise affect the authority of the United States to
settle or compromise any claim according to Applicable Law.

due and payable by the Recipient.

(e) All sums paid and costs incurred by any Indemnied Party with respect to any matter indemnied hereunder shall be immediately

Section 10.19. Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in one or more duplicate counterparts and when
executed by all of the Parties shall constitute a single binding agreement. The delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by electronic means,
including by facsimile or by portable document format (PDF) attachment to email, shall be as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this
Agreement. Except to the extent Applicable Law would prohibit the same, make the same unenforceable, or affirmatively requires a manually executed
counterpart signature: (a) the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by fax, emailed .pdf, or any other electronic means
approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be as effective as the


delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; (b) the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by fax,
emailed .pdf, or any other electronic delivery means approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) that contains a DocuSign signature or, in
the case of the Department’s signature, a digital signature associated with a Personal Identity Verification card, or any other electronic signature means
approved by the Department in writing (which may be via email) shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement; and
(c) if agreed by the Department in writing (which may be via email) with respect to this Agreement, the delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page
of this Agreement by electronic means that types in the signatory to a document as a “conformed signature” from an email address approved by the Department
in writing (which may be via email) shall be as effective as the delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing,
the words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement
and the performance of the Recipient's obligations under this Agreement shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof, or the
use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.

Section 10.20. Benefits of Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Financing Document, express or implied, shall give to any
Person, other than the parties hereto and thereto and their successors and permitted assigns hereunder or thereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable
right or remedy under this Agreement or any other Financing Document.

Section 10.21. Termination; Survival.

therewith shall be considered to have been relied upon the Department and shall survive the Termination Date.

(a) All representations and warranties made by the Recipient in any Financing Document or other documents delivered in connection

(b) The provisions of (a) Section 3.3 (Payment of Costs and Expenses), Section 3.4 (Net of Tax), Section 9.1.1(c) (Expansion
Clawback), Section 10.8 (Governing Law), Section 10.11 (Waiver of Jury Trial), Section 10.12 (Consent to Jurisdiction), Section 10.13 (Dispute
Resolution), Section 10.15 (Reinstatement), Section 10.18 (Indemnification) and Section 10.22 (DOC Confidentiality); and (b) the Guardrail Provisions
(excluding Section 2 (Prohibition on Certain Joint Research or Technology Licensing) and Section 7(d) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) thereof)
and all other provisions hereof and definitions set forth in this Agreement required to give effect thereto, including, inter alia, Section 10.5 (Waiver and
Amendment), shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the performance of the obligations contemplated hereby, the payment in full of the
Department Obligations, the expiration or termination of any Award, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof on the Termination Date.

Section 10.22. DOC Confidentiality. Documents and information provided to the Department by the Recipient or any Recipient Party in
connection with the Financing Documents, including but not limited to Applications, due diligence, and any documents and information provided during the
Period of Performance or thereafter will be treated as confidential by the Department consistent with Applicable Law, including but not limited to the
requirements of the CHIPS Act (15 U.SC. § 4652(a)(6)(G)) and the Trade Secrets Act (18 U.S.C. § 1905).

[Signature Pages Follow]


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective officers or

representatives hereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above.

INTEL CORPORATION
as Recipient

/s/Patrick P. Gelsinger 
Name: Patrick P. Gelsinger
Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature page to the Direct Funding Agreement]

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, an agency of the Federal Government of the United
States of America

/s/Michael Schmidt 
Name: Michael Schmidt
Title: Director, CHIPS Program Officer

Intel Corporation - Direct Funding Agreement - Signature Page

“2004 IRB Documents” means, collectively:

ANNEX A

DEFINITIONS

(a) the Bond Purchase Agreement dated October 26, 2004 between the Recipient as the company, Sandoval County, New Mexico as

the issuer and Synchroquartz U.S. Corporation as the purchaser;

(b) the Indenture dated October 26, 2004 between the Recipient as the company, Sandoval County, New Mexico as the issuer,

Synchroquartz U.S. Corporation as the purchaser and Bank of Albuquerque, N.A. as the depositary; and

(c) the Lease Agreement dated October 26, 2004 between the Recipient as the company and Sandoval County, New Mexico as the

issuer.

“Abandonment” means, with respect to any Project (whether owned or operated by the Recipient directly or indirectly through one or more other
Recipient Parties), the relinquishment of possession and control of the relevant Project by the Recipient (whether acting directly or indirectly through one or
more other Recipient Parties) or the complete cessation of work or activity for one hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days (or two hundred and seventy
(270) non-consecutive days in any Fiscal Year) at the relevant Project, as may be evidenced by, for example, the complete cancellation of utility services for a
Project for such period. “Abandons” shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing.

“Action” means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration at law or in equity,

or before or by any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign or other regulatory body or any arbitrator.

“Actual Milestone Completion Date” means, with respect to any Disbursement Milestone, the date on which the Recipient has actually completed

such Disbursement Milestone, as such date is to be confirmed by the Department after the receipt of a Direct Funding Disbursement Request.

“Affiliate” means with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly Controls, or is under common Control with, or is Controlled by,

such Person.

“Agreement” has the meaning given to that term in the preamble hereto, which agreement states the terms and conditions by which the Secretary
agrees to make an Award available to the Recipient and the obligations and duties of the Recipient in connection therewith and satisfies the meaning as
“Required Agreement” in 15 C.F.R. § 231.112(a).

“Amortization” has the meaning given under the Applicable Accounting Requirements.

“Anticipated Completion Date” means, with respect to any Disbursement Milestone, the relevant date set forth in the Disbursement Milestone

Schedule under the column entitled “Anticipated Completion Date” for such Disbursement Milestone.

“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, regulations, or orders with jurisdiction over any Recipient Party or any Project concerning or relating to

bribery or corruption in the public or private sector, including, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

“Anti-Money Laundering Laws” means the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (otherwise known as the Bank Secrecy Act), the
Patriot Act, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, the Money Laundering Control Act, the rules and regulations thereunder and any similar Applicable Laws
relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, or financial recordkeeping and recording requirements

A-1

administered or enforced by any United States of America governmental agency, or any other jurisdiction in which the Recipient operates or conducts business.

“Applicable Accounting Requirements” means GAAP.

“Applicable Law” means, with respect to any Person, any constitution, statute, law, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, treaty, judgment, order or any
directive, guideline, requirement or other governmental rule, restriction, or any determination or interpretation of any of the foregoing by any Governmental
Authority having jurisdiction over or a judicial authority, that in each case is published, in writing, has the force of law and is binding on such Person or any of its
properties, whether in effect as of the date of this Agreement or as of any date hereafter.

“Applications” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Arizona Fab HoldCo Inc” means Arizona Fab HoldCo Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

“Arizona Fab LLC” means Arizona Fab LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

“Arizona Fab LLCA” means the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement for Arizona Fab LLC dated August 22, 2022 by and among Arizona Fab LLC,

the Arizona JV Intel Member and the Arizona JV Brookfield Member, as amended and restated on November 22, 2022.

“Arizona JV Brookfield Member” means Foundry JV Holdco LLC.

“Arizona JV Documents” means, collectively, (a) the Arizona Fab LLCA, (b) the Purchase and Contribution Agreement dated August 22, 2022, by and
among the Recipient, the Arizona JV Intel Member, the Arizona JV Brookfield Member and Arizona Fab LLC, (c) the Guaranty dated August 22, 2022 between
Brookfield Infrastructure Fund V-A, L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund V-A, L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund V-B, L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund V-C,
L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund V (ER) SCSP and the Recipient, (d) the EPC Agreement dated August 22, 2022 by and between the Recipient and Arizona
Fab LLC, (e) the Operations and Maintenance Agreement dated August 22, 2022 by and between the Recipient and Arizona Fab LLC, (f) the Administrative
Services Agreement dated August 22, 2022 by and between the Recipient and Arizona Fab LLC, (g) the Wafer Supply Agreement dated August 22, 2022 by
and between the Recipient and Arizona Fab LLC, and (h) the ground lease agreement dated November 22, 2022 between the Recipient as landlord and the
Arizona Fab LLC as tenant.

“Arizona JV Intel Member” means Arizona Fab HoldCo Inc.

“Arizona Projects” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Arizona Projects Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Arizona Projects Direct Funding Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“ASAP” has the meaning given to the term in Section 2.2.1 (ASAP System).

“Authorized Officer” means:

(a) with respect to any Person that is (i) a corporation, the chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president, assistant vice
president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, any Person holding equivalent positions in such corporations, or any other Financial
Officer of such Person; (ii) a

A-2

partnership, each general partner of such Person or the chairman, chief executive officer, president, a vice president, an
assistant vice president, treasurer, an assistant treasurer, any Person holding equivalent positions in such partnership, or any
other Financial Officer of a general partner of such Person; or (iii) a limited liability company, the manager, managing partner or
duly appointed officer of such Person, the individuals authorized to represent such Person pursuant to the Organizational
Documents of such Person, or the chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president, assistant vice president,
treasurer, assistant treasurer, any Person holding equivalent positions in such corporations, or any other Financial Officer of
the manager or managing member of such Person; and

(b) with respect to any Recipient Party, only those individuals holding any of the foregoing positions whose name appears on the
certificate of incumbency delivered pursuant to Section 4.2(a) (Recipient Parties Organizational Documents), as such
certificate of incumbency may be amended from time to time to identify the individuals then holding such offices and the
capacity in which they are acting.

“Authorized Purpose” means:

(a) for the Arizona Projects, the manufacture of semiconductors at the Eligible Facilities at the Arizona Projects;

(b) for the Oregon Project, the manufacture of semiconductors at the Eligible Facilities at the Oregon Project;

(c) for the New Mexico Project, the manufacture and advanced packaging of semiconductors at the Eligible Facilities at the New

Mexico Project; and

(d) for the Ohio Project, the manufacture of semiconductors at the Eligible Facilities at the Ohio Project.

“Available Disbursement Percentage” means, with respect to any Disbursement Milestone, the relevant amount set forth in the Disbursement

Milestone Schedule under the column entitled “Available Disbursement Percentage” for such Disbursement Milestone.

“Award” means that CHIPS Incentive provided by the Department to the Recipient pursuant to the terms of the CHIPS Act and the Award Documents,

including the Direct Funding Award and the Workforce Award.

“Award Date” means the date on which this Agreement and the first Funding Obligation are executed by the Department and the Recipient.

“Award Documents” means collectively:

(a) this Agreement;

(b) each Funding Obligation; and

(c) each other document attached to this Agreement or any Funding Obligations.

“Base Case Financial Model” means the base case financial model delivered by the Recipient and approved by the Department in connection with the

Award Date pursuant to Section 4.10 (Base Case Financial Model).

A-3

“BIS” means the Department’s Bureau of Industry and Security.

“Body of Information” means (a) a Member of Congress or a representative of a committee of Congress; (b) the OIG; (c) the Government
Accountability Office; (d) a Federal employee responsible for management of any Award; (e) an authorized official of the Department of Justice or other law
enforcement agency; (f) a court or grand jury; or (g) a management official or other employee of the Recipient or Recipient Party who has the responsibility to
investigate, discover, or address misconduct subject to whistleblower protections.

“Breakeven Date” means, with respect to any Project, the first (1st) date on which the Total Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow generated

by such Project is equal to or greater than zero Dollars ($0).

“Business Day” means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which either the Department of Treasury or the Federal Reserve Bank of

New York are not open for business.

“Capital Expenditures” means all expenditures that should be capitalized in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements.

“Capital Lease” means, for any Person, any lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any property of such Person that would be
required, in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements, to be capitalized and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such
Person, provided that any obligation of a Person under a lease that is not (or would not be) required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease (or
otherwise be treated similarly) on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP as in effect as of December 29, 2018 (whether or not such operating lease
obligations were in effect on such date), shall not be treated as a capitalized lease as a result of the adoption of changes in, or in the application of, GAAP and
shall continue to be treated as an operating lease.

“CFIUS” means the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.

“CFIUS Approval” means that any of the following shall have occurred: (a) written notice has been received from CFIUS that the relevant transaction
does not constitute a “covered transaction” under the Defense Production Act, as amended by the Foreign Investment Production Act of 2018; (b) after the
completion of any review or investigation under the Defense Production Act, as amended by the Foreign Investment Production Act of 2018, written notice has
been received from CFIUS that there are no unresolved national security concerns and all action under the Defense Production Act is concluded with respect to
the relevant transaction; or (c) CFIUS shall have sent a report to the President of the United States requesting the President’s decision and either (i) the
President has not taken any action within fifteen (15) days from the date the President received the report from CFIUS, or (ii) the President shall have
announced a decision not to take any action to suspend, prohibit, or place any limitations on the relevant transaction.

“Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) in relation to the Recipient:

(i) any change in the Ownership Interests in the Recipient, arising pursuant to any single transaction or any series of related
transactions entered into after the Award Date, and resulting in any Person or group of Persons acting in concert
acquiring ultimate beneficial ownership of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the Ownership Interests in or voting
rights of the Recipient;

(ii) any Person or group of Persons acting in concert acquires Control of the Recipient;

A-4

(iii) a Prohibited Person or Foreign Entity of Concern acquires Control of the Recipient; or

(iv) any transaction of merger or consolidation for which the Recipient shall not be the surviving entity of such transaction;

(b) in relation to IFC, in the event IFC becomes a Recipient Party:

(i)

(A) for so long as IFC remains a private entity, the Recipient ceases to hold (directly or indirectly) at least fifty point

one percent (50.1%) of any form of legal or beneficial Ownership Interest or voting rights in IFC; or

(B) in the event IFC becomes a public company, any change in the Ownership Interests in the Recipient occurs,
arising pursuant to any single transaction or any series of related transactions entered into after the Award
Date, and resulting in any Person or group of Persons acting in concert acquiring ultimate beneficial ownership
of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the Ownership Interests in or voting rights of IFC at any time when the
Recipient is not the largest shareholder in IFC;

(ii) the Recipient ceases to have (directly or indirectly) Control of IFC;

(iii) a Prohibited Person or Foreign Entity of Concern acquires Control of IFC; or

(c) in relation to each other Recipient Party:

(i) the Recipient ceases to hold (directly or indirectly) at least fifty point one percent (50.1%) of any form of legal or beneficial

Ownership Interest or voting rights in such Recipient Party;

(ii) the Recipient ceases to have (directly or indirectly) Control of such Recipient Party; or

(iii) such Recipient Party fails to maintain its governance controls, or governance controls at least as restrictive as those in
place as of the Award Date, unless an alternative governance structure has been approved by a Cognizant Security
Agency under the National Industrial Security Program.

“Change of Control Event” means any of the events described in Section 9.2 (Change of Control Events).

“CHIPS Act” means Title XCIX—Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors for America of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National

Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (Pub. L. 116-283), as amended by the CHIPS Act of 2022 (Division A of Pub. L. 117-167).

“CHIPS Incentive” means the provision of direct funding (via grants, cooperative agreements, or other transactions), loans and loan guarantees as

described in the NOFO.

A-5

“CHIPS Program Office” means the office of the Department overseeing the administration of the CHIPS Incentive Program.

“Clawback Event” means any of the events described in Section 9.1.1 (Clawback Events).

“Communications” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2 (Use of Websites).

“Comptroller General” means the Comptroller General of the United States.

“Conflict of Interest” means the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) participation by an Interested Party in a matter that has a direct and predictable effect on the Interested Party’s personal or
financial interests, which may include employment, stock ownership, a creditor or debtor relationship, or prospective
employment with the organization selected or to be selected for a Subaward;

(b) an appearance that an Interested Party’s objectivity in performing his or her responsibilities under the applicable Project is

impaired; and

(c) non-financial gain to an Interested Party, such as benefit to reputation or prestige in a professional field.

“Consolidated” or “Consolidated Basis” means, with respect to any financial statements to be provided by any Person, or any financial calculation to
be made, that calculation shall be made by reference to the sum of all amounts of similar nature reported in the relevant financial statements of each of the
entities whose accounts are to be consolidated with the accounts of the such Person plus or minus the consolidation adjustments customarily applied to avoid
double counting of transactions among any of those entities, including the Recipient.

“Construction Advisor” means Arup US, Inc., acting as construction advisor to the Department, or any successor construction advisor appointed by

the Department.

“Construction and Tool Installation Budget” means, with respect to any Project, the budget delivered by the Recipient to the Department prior to the
first Direct Funding Disbursement Date pursuant to Section 4.12 (Construction and Tool Installation Budget), as amended or supplemented pursuant to
Disclosed Project Changes.

“Consultants” means, collectively, (a) the Financial Advisor; (b) the Construction Advisor; (c) the Technical Advisor; (d) Clifford Chance US LLP, as
legal counsel to the Department; and (e) any other advisor, legal counsel or consultant retained by the Department from time to time in connection with any
Award, any Project or the Financing Documents.

“Contingent Obligations” means as to any Person, any obligation of such Person with respect to any Indebtedness (“primary obligations”) of any
other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, as a
guarantee or otherwise:

(a) for the purchase, payment or discharge of any such primary obligation;

(b) to purchase, repurchase or otherwise acquire such primary obligations or any property constituting direct or indirect security

therefor;

(c) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or payment of any such obligation, or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity

capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor;

A-6

(d) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the holder of any such primary obligation of the

ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation; or

(e) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof,

provided that, the term “Contingent Obligation” shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of
business. Unless otherwise limited by the terms of such Contingent Obligation, the amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount
equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable,
the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in
good faith.

“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise; and the words “Controlling,” “Controlled,” and similar constructions shall have
correlative meanings.

“Corrective Action Plan” means, in respect of any Event of Default arising under Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.) in relation to
a Recipient Party other than the Recipient, a corrective action plan demonstrating that such Event of Default does not impact the other Projects and that such
Event of Default has not had, and could not reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

“Covered Incentive” has the meaning set forth in 15 U.S.C. § 4651 (Definitions).

“Cumulative Disbursement Amount” means, as of the date of any Disbursement for any Disbursement Milestone, the aggregate amount of
Disbursements actually made to the Recipient with respect to the applicable Project as of such date (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including any
Disbursement requested to be made with respect to such Disbursement Milestone).

“Customer Milestone” means "Customer Milestone #1" and "Customer Milestone #2", in each case as set forth in Schedule B (Disbursement

Milestone Schedule).

“Data Protection Laws” means any and all foreign or domestic (including U.S. federal, state and local) Applicable Laws relating to the privacy, security,
notification of breaches, Processing of any data or information that identifies or can be used to identify an individual, household or device, whether directly or
indirectly, in each case, in any manner applicable to any Recipient Party or any Subsidiary of any Recipient Party.

“Debarment Regulations” means all of the following:

(a) Subpart 9.4 (Debarment, Suspension, and Ineligibility) of the Federal Acquisition Regulations– 48 C.F.R. §§ 9.400 - 9.409; and

(b) OMB Guidelines to Agencies on Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement), 2 C.F.R. Part 180, and

Department of Commerce adoption and supplement, 2 C.F.R. Part 1326.

“Debt Collection Act” means the Debt Collection Act of 1982 as amended (31 U.S.C. § 3717) and 31 C.F.R. § 901.9.

“Debt Collection Improvement Act” means the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996, as amended from time to time.

A-7

“Department” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

“Department Obligations” means all amounts, without duplication, owing to the Department under the Financing Documents, including:

(a) any payments, interest, charges, expenses, fees, attorneys’ or other Consultants’ fees and disbursements, indemnities and other
amounts payable by the Recipient under any Financing Document and any reimbursement amounts in respect of any of the
foregoing that the Department may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Recipient; and

(b) all liabilities, and obligations, howsoever arising, owed by the Recipient under the Financing Documents or otherwise to the
Department (whether or not evidenced by any note or instrument and whether or not for the payment of money), direct or
indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, pursuant to any of the Financing
Documents, including all interest, fees and Periodic Expenses chargeable to the Recipient and payable by the Recipient
hereunder or thereunder.

“Depreciation” has the meaning given under the Applicable Accounting Requirements.

“Direct Funding” means direct funding under the NOFO in the form of an other transaction.

“Direct Funding Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Direct Funding Disbursement” means a disbursement of the Direct Funding for a Disbursement Milestone made in accordance with this Agreement.

“Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice” means a notice issued by the Department, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D

(Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Approval Notice), delivered to the Recipient pursuant to Section 2.2 (Disbursement Procedure).

“Direct Funding Disbursement Date” means a Disbursement Date on which a Direct Funding Disbursement is made in accordance with this

Agreement.

“Direct Funding Disbursement Period” means, with respect to any Project, the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on the earlier of:

(a) the Milestone Completion Longstop Date for the last Disbursement Milestone for such Project set forth in the Disbursement

Milestone Schedule;

(b) the date of the Direct Funding Disbursement for the last Disbursement Milestone for such Project set forth in the Disbursement

Milestone Schedule; and

(c) the date on which the applicable Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount is reduced to zero.

“Disbursement” means any Disbursement of the Award in accordance with this Agreement, including any Direct Funding Disbursement and any

Workforce Disbursement.

“Disbursement Date” means a Business Day on which funds are transferred through the ASAP System to make a Disbursement in accordance with

Article 2 (Award and Disbursements), including any Direct Funding Disbursement Date and any Workforce Disbursement Date.

A-8

“Disbursement Milestone” means each Project milestone set forth in the Disbursement Milestone Schedule under the column entitled “Milestone” and

described under the column entitled “Description”.

“Disbursement Milestone Schedule” means that schedule attached hereto as Schedule B (Disbursement Milestone Schedule).

“Disbursement Request” means a request for a Disbursement, including any Direct Funding Disbursement Request and any Workforce Disbursement

Request, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (Form of Direct Funding Disbursement Request), delivered to the Department.

“Disclosed Project Changes” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.3(a) (Disclosed Project Changes.).

“Disposition” means, with respect to any property, assets or Equity Interest, any single or series of related sales, transfers, assignments, donations,
conveyances, or any discarding or intentional destruction thereof, or other dispositions thereof, and the terms “Dispose” and “Disposed” shall have correlative
meanings; provided, that the term “Disposition” shall not include the creation or existence of any Permitted Lien, so long as no ownership is transferred to any
party pursuant thereto.

“Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“Dispute Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“DOL” means the United States Department of Labor.

“Dollars” or “$” means the lawful currency of the United States.

“EAR” means the Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 700-786, administered by BIS.

“Electronic Signature” has the meaning assigned to it by 15 U.S.C. § 7006.

“Eligibility Start Date” means February 6, 2024.

“Eligible Facility” means a Facility that meets eligibility requirements set forth in the CHIPS Act and the Guardrail Regulations, including those set forth

in 15 U.S.C. § 4652 (Semiconductor incentives).

“Eligible Uses of Funds” means, with respect to any Project, Project Costs that:

(a) are incurred or will be incurred for any of the following purposes to:

(i) finance the construction, expansion or modernization of the applicable Eligible Facilities or to acquire, maintain, repair or
transport equipment to be used for the applicable Eligible Facilities, as determined necessary by the Secretary for
purposes relating to the national security and economic competitiveness of the United States;

(ii) support workforce development for the applicable Eligible Facilities, as determined by the Secretary;

(iii) support site development for the applicable Eligible Facilities, as determined by the Secretary; or

(iv) pay reasonable costs related to the operating expenses for the applicable Eligible Facilities including specialized

workforce,

A-9

essential materials, and complex equipment maintenance for such Project, as determined by the Secretary;

(b) are incurred on or following the Eligibility Start Date; and

(c) are not Ineligible Uses of Funds.

“Environmental Claim” means any and all obligations, liabilities, losses, administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, decrees, claims,
liens, judgments, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations (excluding routine inspections), proceedings, clean-up, removal or remedial actions or
orders, or damages (foreseeable and unforeseeable, including consequential and punitive damages), penalties, fees, out-of-pocket costs, expenses,
disbursements, attorneys’ or consultants’ fees, relating in any way to any violation of Environmental Law or any violation of any Governmental Approval issued
under any such Environmental Law including (a) any and all Indemnity Claims by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, clean-up, removal, response,
remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law; and (b) any and all Indemnity Claims by any third party seeking damages,
contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Substances, the violation or alleged violation of any
Environmental Law or Governmental Approval issued thereunder, or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment.

“Environmental Laws” means any Applicable Law in effect as of the date hereof or hereafter, and in each case as amended, regulating, relating to or
imposing obligations, liability or standards of conduct concerning or otherwise relating to (a) environmental impacts resulting from the use of any Project Site or
environmental conditions present on, in or under any Project Site; (b) pollution, protection of human health or safety or the environment, including flora and
fauna, or Releases or threatened Releases of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, radiation or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes, including
Hazardous Substances; or (c) the generation, manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, recycling, disposal, transport, or handling of
pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes, including Hazardous Substances.

“Equity Interest” means any and all shares, interest, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in
(however designated) the common or preferred equity or preference share capital of an entity, including partnership interests, limited liability interests and trust
beneficial interests.

“Escalation Decision-Maker” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“Escalation Decision-Maker Meeting” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“Event of Default” means any of the events described in Section 9.1 (Events of Default).

“Expansion Clawback Term” means, with respect to any Project, the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on to the tenth (10th)

anniversary of the Award Date.

“Export Control Laws” means any and all Laws which have as a purpose or effect of restricting or controlling the export, re-export, transfer or access
of controlled or sensitive information, commodities, Software, technology or services between or within one or more countries or their nationals, including
without limitation, the EAR and ITAR.

“Facility” means, with respect to each Project, each facility described in the definition of such Project and including all the buildings, fixtures and other

improvements situated, or to be situated, on the relevant Project Site.

“Federal Interest” has the meaning set forth in 2 CFR § 200.1.

A-10

“Federal Register” means the publication provided for by the Federal Register Act (44 U.S.C. §1501 et seq.).

“FFB Advance” has the meaning set forth in the Loan Guarantee Agreement.

“FFB Document” has the meaning set forth in the Loan Guarantee Agreement.

“Financial Advisor” means Alvarez & Marsal Federal, LLC, acting as financial advisor to the Department in connection with the Projects, or any

successor financial advisor appointed by the Department.

“Financial Officer” means with respect to any Person, the general manager, any director, the chief financial officer, the controller, the treasurer or any
assistant treasurer, any vice president-finance or any assistant vice president-finance or any other vice president or assistant vice president with significant
responsibility for the financial affairs of such Person.

“Financial Statements” means with respect to any Person, such Person’s quarterly unaudited or annual audited balance sheet and statements of
income, retained earnings, and cash flow for such fiscal period, together with all notes thereto and, except for during the first (1st) Fiscal Year, with comparable
figures for the corresponding period of its previous fiscal period, each prepared in Dollars and in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements.

“Financing Documents” means, collectively:

(a) the Award Documents;

(b) the Loan Guarantee Agreement, if any;

(c) each FFB Document, if any; and

(d) each other document or agreement entered into after the date hereof that is designated as a “Financing Document” by the

Recipient and the Department.

“Fiscal Year” means: (a) with respect to the Recipient, the accounting year of the Recipient beginning the Sunday after the last Saturday in December

and ending on the last Saturday in December in the following calendar year; and (b) with respect to any other Person, such Person’s accounting year.

“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Inc., so long as it is a rating agency.

“Foreign Country of Concern” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Foreign Entity” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Foreign Entity of Concern” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Fundamental Event of Default” means any Event of Default pursuant to:

(a) Section 9.1.1(d) (Authorized Purpose Clawback Event);

(b) Section 9.1.3 (Other Breaches) with respect to:

(i) Section 7.3.1(b) (Books, Records and Inspections; Accounting and Auditing Matters.), where the Recipient acts or

fails to act in a manner resulting in a material breach with respect to the Department's auditing rights; and

A-11

(ii) Section 8.1.1(a) (Prohibited Persons; Foreign Entities of Concern.) where the breach relates to a Recipient Party

becoming a Foreign Entity of Concern or Sanctioned Person;

(c) Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.);

(d) Section 9.1.10 (Abandonment.); and

(e) Section 9.1.12 (Misstatements; Omissions).

“Funding Obligation” means each Other Transaction Agreement Action Sheet issued by the Department in respect of the Maximum Award Amount

and acknowledged by the Recipient.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in effect from time to time including, where appropriate, generally
accepted auditing standards, including the pronouncements and interpretations of appropriate accountancy administrative bodies (including the Financial
Accounting Standards Board and any predecessor and successor thereto), applied on a consistent basis both as to classification of items and amounts.

“GAO” means the U.S. Government Accountability Office.

“Governmental Approval” means any approval, consent, authorization, license, permit, order, certificate, qualification, waiver, exemption, or variance,
or any other action of a similar nature, of or by a Governmental Authority, including any of the foregoing that under Applicable Law are or may be deemed given
or withheld by failure to act within a specified time period.

“Governmental Authority” means any federal, state, county, municipal, or regional authority, or any other entity of a similar nature, exercising any

executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, or administrative function of government.

“Governmental Judgment” means with respect to any Person, any judgment, order, decision, or decree, or any act of a similar nature, of or by a

Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Person or any of its properties.

“Guarantee” means, as to any Person, obligations, contingent or otherwise (including a Contingent Obligation), guaranteeing or having the economic

effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of another Person in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation:

(a) to purchase or pay any Indebtedness or to purchase or provide security for the payment of any Indebtedness;

(b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the payment of any Indebtedness;

(c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of any other Person; or

(d) in respect of any letter of credit, letter of guarantee or bond issued to support any obligation or Indebtedness,

except that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.

“Guardrail Provisions” means Annex C (Guardrail Provisions) hereto.

“Guardrail Regulations” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

A-12

“Hazardous Substance” means any hazardous or toxic substances, chemicals, materials, pollutants or wastes defined, listed, classified or regulated
as such in or under any Environmental Laws, including: (a) any petroleum or petroleum products (including gasoline, crude oil or any fraction thereof),
flammable explosives, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation and polychlorinated
biphenyls; (b) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances,” “hazardous wastes,” “extremely
hazardous wastes,” “restricted hazardous wastes,” “toxic substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “contaminants” or “pollutants,” or words of similar import, under any
applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, the import, storage, transport, use or disposal of, or exposure to or Release
of which is prohibited, limited or otherwise regulated under, or for which liability is imposed pursuant to, any Environmental Law.

“IFC” means Intel Foundry Corporation, a legal entity that will include the Foundry Services, Foundry Manufacturing and Supply Chain and Foundry

Technology Development organizations (or successor organizations), or any successor or assign thereof.

“Indebtedness” means as to any Person, and at any date, without duplication:

(a) all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of such Person;

(b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments;

(c) all direct obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers’ acceptances,

bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments;

(d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services other than accounts payable in the

ordinary course of business and obligations in respect of the funding of plans under ERISA;

(e) all obligations of such Person under leases that are or should be, in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements (as

in effect on December 29, 2018), recorded as Capital Leases in respect of which such Person is liable;

(f) all indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by any Lien upon or in property owned by such Person (including
indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have
been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse;

(g) all net obligations in respect of any hedging agreement or similar arrangement between such Person and a financial institution
providing for the transfer or mitigation of interest risks either generally or under specific contingencies (but without regard to
any notional principal amount relating thereto); and

(h) all Guarantees by and Contingent Obligations of such Person with respect to Indebtedness of another Person of the types

specified in clauses (a) through (g) above.

“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means, as to any Person, without duplication, all Indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees, and charges)

of such person or entity for borrowed

A-13

money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than any deferral in connection with the provision of credit in the ordinary course of
business by any supplier, trade creditor or utility.

“Indemnified Liability” has the meaning set forth in 10.18(a) (Indemnification).

“Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in 10.18(a) (Indemnification).

“Indemnity Claims” means any claims for indemnification pursuant to 10.18(a) (Indemnification).

“Ineligible Uses of Funds” means the uses of Direct Funding to:

(a) construct, modify, or improve a facility outside of the United States;

(b) physically relocate existing facility infrastructure to another jurisdiction in the United States, unless the Department has concluded

that such relocation is in the interest of the United States;

(c) purchase any equity security that is listed on a national securities exchange of any Recipient Party or any Affiliate of such

Recipient Party

(d) pay dividends or make other capital distributions with respect to the common stock (or equivalent interest) of any Recipient Party

or any Affiliate of such Recipient Party;

(e) pay off any federal direct or guaranteed loan or any other form of federal debt;

(f) pay any indirect cost of the Recipient, except to pay an Intermediary or other workforce organization approved by the Department

in this Agreement;

(g) pay profits, fees, or other incremental charges to the Recipient above the actual costs incurred in executed the approved scope of

work subject to the Award;

(h) pay costs of certain covered telecommunications or video surveillance services or equipment prohibited by Section 889 of the

National Defense Authorization Act of 2019 (Pub. L. No. 115-232);

(i) apply any costs or purposes contrary to Applicable Law; or

(j) provide any funds to any Foreign Entity of Concern.

“Initial Decision-Maker” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“Initial Financing Plan” means, for each Project, the plan delivered by the Recipient to the Department pursuant to Section 4.3 (Initial Financing

Plan), as amended or supplemented pursuant to Disclosed Project Changes.

“Insolvency Proceeding” means any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, company reorganization, restructuring, controlled management, suspension
of payments, scheme of arrangement, appointment of provisional liquidator, receiver or administrative receiver, notification, resolution, or petition for winding up
or similar proceeding, under any Applicable Law, in any jurisdiction and whether voluntary or involuntary.

“Intel Products” means Intel Products Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor or

assign thereof.

A-14

“Intellectual Property” means any and all rights, priorities and privileges with respect to intellectual property, whether arising under United States,
multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including any and all of the following, as they exist anywhere in the world, whether registered or unregistered and
including all registrations, issuances and applications therefor (whether or not any such applications are modified, withdrawn, abandoned or resubmitted) and
all extensions and renewals thereof and whether now or hereafter existing, created, acquired or held:

(a) all Patents;

(b) all Trade Secrets;

(c) all copyrights or other rights associated with works of authorship, including all copyright registrations and applications for copyright

registration, renewals and extensions thereof, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world;

(d) all mask work rights, mask work registrations and applications therefor, and any equivalent or similar rights in Semiconductor

masks, layouts, architectures or topology;

(e) all rights in industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world;

(f) all rights to trade names, logos, trademarks and service marks, including registered trademarks and service marks and all

applications to register trademarks and service marks throughout the world;

(g) all rights in Software;

(h) all rights to any databases and data collections throughout the world;

(i) all moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout the world; and

(j) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing anywhere in the world.

“Interested Party” means any (a) officer; (b) employee; (c) member of the board of directors or other governing board of the Recipient; (d) parties that
advise, approve, recommend, or otherwise participate in the business decisions of the Recipient, such as agents, advisors, consultants, attorneys, accountants
or shareholders; or (e) immediate family and other persons directly connected to the Interested Party by law or through a business arrangement.

“Internal Revenue Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder. Section references to the Internal Revenue Code are to the Internal Revenue Code as in effect as of the date hereof and any subsequent
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.

“ITAR” means the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, 22 C.F.R. Parts 120-130, administered by the US Department of State.

“IT Systems” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.27(a) (Information Technology; Cyber Security).

“Joint Research” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Knowingly” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

A-15

“Knowledge” means with respect to any Recipient Party, the actual knowledge of any Principal Persons of such Recipient Party or any knowledge that
should have been obtained by any Principal Person of such Recipient Party upon reasonable investigation and inquiry, provided that, where this definition is
used in Section 6.8 (Intellectual Property.), Section 7.2.8 (Intellectual Property.), and the Intellectual Property Required Notifications in Annex F (Reporting
Covenants), such usage will not require any Recipient Party or any of its Principal Persons to have conducted or obtained any freedom to operate opinions or
any Patent, copyright, trademark, or other Intellectual Property clearance searches.

“Lease” means any agreement that would be characterized under the Applicable Accounting Requirements as an operating lease, including sub-leases.

“LGA Event of Default” means an “Event of Default” as defined in the Loan Guarantee Agreement.

“LGA Project-Specific Event of Default” means a “Project-Specific Event of Default” as defined in the Loan Guarantee Agreement.

“Lien” means any lien (statutory or other), pledge, mortgage, charge, security interest, deed of trust, assignment, hypothecation, title retention, fiduciary
transfer, deposit arrangement, easement, encumbrance or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature
whatsoever in respect of an asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected or effective under Applicable Law, as well as the interest of a vendor or
lessor under any conditional sale agreement, Capital Lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset, (including any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement, any Capital Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, or any preferential arrangement having the
practical effect of constituting a security interest with respect to the payment of any obligation with, or from the proceeds of, any asset or revenue of any kind).

“Loan Guarantee Agreement” means the loan guarantee agreement (if any) entered into between the Department and the Recipient after the date of

this Agreement pursuant to 15 U.S.C. §§ 4652 and 4659(a)(1) of the CHIPS Act.

“Material Adverse Effect” means, as of any date of determination by the Department, a material and adverse effect on: (a) any Project; (b) the ability
of the Recipient or any other Recipient Party to observe and perform its material obligations or enforce its rights in a timely manner under any Financing
Document to which it is a party; (c) the business, operations, liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or property of the Recipient or any other Recipient
Party; (d) the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Financing Document; or (e) any material right or remedy of the Department under the
Financing Documents.

"Material Recipient Party-Owned Project IP" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.8(a) (Intellectual Property.).

“Maximum Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Maximum Workforce Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Members of the Affiliated Group” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(c) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of the Guardrail Provisions.

“Milestone Based Schedule” means a task-based construction schedule that sets out each critical path construction milestone (including each
Disbursement Milestone) necessary to achieve Project Completion for such Project, which schedule shall include at a minimum (a) anticipated progress for
each

A-16

construction milestone; (b) estimated and actual start dates for each construction milestone; (c) estimated and actual completion dates for each construction
milestone; (d) progress metrics for each construction milestone; and (e) other information requested by the Department.

“Milestone Completion Longstop Date” means, with respect to any Disbursement Milestone, the relevant date set forth in the Disbursement

Milestone Schedule under the column entitled “Milestone Completion Longstop Date” for such Disbursement Milestone.

“Mitigation Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Moody’s” means Moody’s Ratings (formerly known as Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.), so long as it is a rating agency.

“NEPA” means the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 4321 et seq.

“New Mexico Project” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“New Mexico Project Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“New Mexico Project Direct Funding Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“NOFO” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Non-Appealable” means, with respect to any Required Approval, unless otherwise agreed by the Department, (a) such Required Approval is not
subject to any pending appeal, intervention or similar proceeding or any unsatisfied condition which may result in modification or revocation; and (b) all
applicable appeal periods have expired (except for any Required Approval which does not have any limit on an appeal period under Applicable Law).

“Obligation” means, with respect to any Person, any payment, performance or other obligation of such Person of any kind, including any liability of
such Person on any claim, whether or not the right of any creditor to payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed,
contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by
any Insolvency Proceeding; provided, that without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Recipient under the Financing Documents shall
include the Department Obligations.

“OECD” means the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.

“OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets Control, agency of the United States Department of the Treasury under the auspices of the Under-

Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence.

“Officer’s Certificate” means, with respect to any Person, a certificate signed on behalf of such Person by an Authorized Officer thereof and relating to

the items or matters for which such certificate is required, in each case, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Department.

“Ohio Project” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Ohio Project Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Ohio Project Direct Funding Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

A-17

“OIG” means the Office of Inspector General of the Department.

“Oregon Project” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Oregon Project Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Oregon Project Direct Funding Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount).

“Organizational Documents” means, with respect to any Person: (a) to the extent such Person is a corporation, the certificate or articles of
incorporation and the by-laws of such Person; (b) to the extent such Person is a limited liability company, the certificate of formation or articles of formation or
organization and operating or limited liability company agreement of such Person; and (c) to the extent such Person is a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
form of business, the partnership, joint venture, trust or other applicable agreement of formation or organization, and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice
with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or
organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization or formation of such Person.

“Ownership Interest” means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Person, including but not limited to any Equity Interest or

any other right to share in the assets or profits of such Person.

“Patents” means any U.S., international and foreign patent and patent application, and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals,

continuations and continuations-in-part thereof.

“Patriot Act” means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001,

and all regulations promulgated thereunder.

“Period of Performance” means, with respect to each Project, the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on the fifth (5th) anniversary of

the Project Completion Date for such Project.

“Periodic Expenses” means all of the following amounts from time to time incurred under or in connection with the Financing Documents: (a)
recordation and other costs, fees and charges in connection with the execution, delivery, filing, registration, or performance of the Financing Documents; (b)
fees, charges, and expenses of any Consultants; and (c) other fees, charges, expenses and other amounts from time to time due under or in connection with
the Financing Documents.

“Permitted Disposition” means:

(a) any transaction permitted under the Financing Documents;

(b) a Disposition of any Project Asset to a Recipient Party for use in a Project;

(c) any Permitted Equity Transfer; and

(d) any Disposition of any Project Asset of any Recipient Party that is: (i) obsolete; (ii) no longer used or useful in the operation of any
Project; or (iii) replaced by other equipment of approximately equal value or utility, and in all cases for which (A) the Recipient
has received consideration (whether cash or non-cash consideration) in an amount equal to the value that would have been
obtained in an arm’s length transaction with an unaffiliated third party (unless such assets only have scrap value); or (B) such
Dispositions are valued at not more than fifty million Dollars

A-18

($50,000,000) on an individual basis or four hundred million] Dollars ($400,000,000) on an aggregate basis in any twelve (12)
month period.

“Permitted Equity Transfer” means any transaction or series of transactions after the Award Date with respect to the Disposition of any direct or

indirect Ownership Interest in any Recipient Party other than the Recipient, where:

(a) the transferee is a Permitted Equity Transferee;

(b) no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default is continuing or would result from any such transaction;

(c) after giving effect to such transaction or series of transactions:

(i) no Change of Control Event is continuing or would occur; and

(ii) other than in the context of a Change of Control Event in compliance with the Safe Harbor Conditions, no credit rating

downgrade of the Recipient would be reasonably expected to occur;

(d) under any agreement entered into or amended in connection with such transfer, or giving effect to such transfer (including but not
limited to any shareholders agreement, partnership or joint venture agreement, purchase and contribution or purchase and
sale agreement, or LLC agreement), such Permitted Equity Transferee has no right or ability to:

(i) make or to permit to be made any transfer of any direct or indirect Ownership Interest in any Recipient Party other than a

Permitted Equity Transfer; or

(ii) access Sensitive Information.

“Permitted Equity Transferee” means a Person that:

(a) is not a Prohibited Person or Foreign Entity of Concern;

(b) is in compliance with all Sanctions, Export Control Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and Anti-Corruption Laws;

(c) is organized under the laws (or a citizen) of an OECD country and is Controlled by one or more Persons, all of whom are

organized under the laws (or a citizen) of an OECD country;

(d) is not (and is not directly or indirectly Controlled by a Person that is) a citizen of or organized in a Sanctioned Country;

(e) is not (and is not directly or indirectly Controlled by a Person that is, and does not have, a direct or indirect shareholder that owns

fifty percent (50%) or more of it that is) a foreign government, sovereign wealth fund or similar entity;

(f) has received CFIUS Approval if the Person is a non-U.S. Person; and

(g) has received all other Required Approvals from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Transfer.

“Permitted Liens” means:

A-19

(a) Liens for any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is (i) not yet due or which are not delinquent beyond any period
of grace or remain payable without penalty; or (ii) being diligently contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings timely
instituted, so long as adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the
extent required by the Applicable Accounting Requirements;

(b) Liens in favor of materialmen, workers or repairmen, or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business or in connection
with the construction of any Project, either for amounts not yet overdue for a period of more than 30 days or for amounts being
diligently contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings timely instituted so long as adequate reserves with respect
thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required by the Applicable Accounting
Requirements;

(c) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and
other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA securing obligations in excess of five hundred million
Dollars ($500,000,000);

(d) Liens identified in any Survey or Title Report delivered on or before the Award Date or otherwise approved by the Department in

writing;

(e) zoning, entitlement, building and other land use regulations imposed by Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over the
applicable Project Site that do not and will not materially impair the development, construction, operation, or use by the
Recipient of such Project Site for the applicable Project;

(f) with respect to any Project Site, covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements and other similar matters of record on or prior to
the first Direct Funding Disbursement Date for the relevant Project affecting title to such Project Site, or that are specifically
identified in any land purchase agreement to be recorded against such Project Site, or which arise pursuant to the Affiliate
Agreements (New Mexico) identified on Schedule E or the Arizona JV Documents (in each case, according to the form of such
documents as of the Award Date), which in each case do not and will not materially impair the development, construction,
operation, or use by the Recipient of such Project Site for the relevant Project;

(g) any other Lien (including covenants, conditions, restrictions, easements and other similar matters of record) affecting any Project
Site the existence of which does not and will not impair in any material respect the development, construction, operation, or
use by the Recipient of any Project Site for the relevant Project;

(h) Liens (not securing Indebtedness) of depository institutions and securities intermediaries (including rights of set-off or similar

rights) with respect to deposit accounts or securities accounts;

(i) Liens securing (a) judgments for the payment of money that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 9.1.9

(Judgments); or (b) appeals and other surety bonds related thereto;

A-20

(j) Liens incurred or deposits made (i) to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness),
statutory or regulatory obligations, surety, stay, customs, performance, completion and/or appeal bonds and other obligations
of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) to secure the performance of bids or trade contracts and (iii) to
secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments posted with respect to the items
described in clauses (i) and (ii) above;

(k) Liens securing finance leases and purchase money obligations for fixed assets or equipment (other than for assets acquired with
proceeds of Direct Funding Disbursements or FFB Advances); provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any
property (except for replacements, additions, accessions and proceeds to such property) other than the property financed by
such Indebtedness or other obligations and the proceeds and products thereof and customary security deposits and (ii) any
Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost or fair market value, whichever is lower, of the property being
acquired on the date of acquisition and related expenses;.

(l) precautionary filings in respect of operating leases;

(m) leases, licenses, easements, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not (i)

interfere in any material respect with the business of any Recipient Party, taken as a whole, or (ii) secure any Indebtedness;

(n) Liens placed on the Equity Interests of any Recipient Party (other than the Recipient) not wholly-owned by the Recipient in the
form of a transfer restriction; provided that if such Lien arises after the date of this Agreement, such third party joint venture
partner shall be a Permitted Equity Transferee;

(o) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of
collection or (ii) that are contractual rights of setoff or rights of pledge relating to purchase orders and other agreements
entered into with customers of any Recipient Party in the ordinary course of business; and

(p) Liens securing obligations with respect to funding provided to the Recipient pursuant to the Chips and Science Act of 2022 or any
other domestic governmental incentive or credit program (including any Federal Interest in any Recipient Party assets).

“Permitting Plan” means, with respect to any Project, the list of Required Approvals for such Project and corresponding deadline for each such
Required Approval to be obtained set forth on Schedule C (Permitting Plan) hereto, as the same may be updated or otherwise modified from time to time as
mutually agreed by the Parties in writing.

“Person” means any individual, firm, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust,
unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority, committee, department, authority or any other body, incorporated or unincorporated, whether having
distinct legal personality or not.

“Platform” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2 (Use of Websites.).

A-21

“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would become an Event of

Default.

“Practice” means to practice Intellectual Property in any way, including to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, improve, make, display, perform, create

derivative works of, access and utilize.

“Principal Persons” means any officer, director, beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of equity interests that are not publicly traded securities,
other natural person (whether or not an employee) with executive responsibilities over a Recipient Party or who has practical control over the Recipient Party,
and each of their respective successors or assigns.

“Processing” means any operation or set of operations that are performed on data or on sets of data, whether or not by automated means, including
creation, receipt, maintenance, access, acquisition, use, disclosure, transmission, storage, retention, processing, destruction, modification or transfer (including
cross-border transfer), and the words “Process” and similar constructions shall have correlative meanings.

“Program Requirement” means each of the requirements set forth in Annex D (Program Requirements).

“Prohibited Person” means any person or entity that is:

(a) a Sanctioned Person;

(b) debarred or suspended from contracting with the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof;

(c) debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment with a final determination still pending (as such terms are defined in any of the
Debarment Regulations) from contracting with any U.S. federal government department or any agency or instrumentality
thereof or otherwise participating in procurement or non-procurement transactions with any U.S. federal government
department or agency pursuant to any of the Debarment Regulations; or

(d) indicted, convicted or had a Governmental Judgment rendered against it for any of the offenses listed in any of the Debarment

Regulations.

“Project” and “Projects” have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

“Project Assets” means with respect to each Project, (i) the Project Site for such Project, including any legal or beneficial, direct or indirect, ownership
or leasehold interest in such Project Site, and (ii) all tangible Property owned or leased by any Recipient Party located on the applicable Project Site (other than
the Project Site itself) and used in the construction, development, ownership, operation or maintenance of such Project; provided that “Project Asset” shall not
include any assets subject to any Federal Interest.

“Project Change” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.3(a) (Disclosed Project Changes.).

“Project Commencement Date” means, with respect to any Project, the date on which the Department has received evidence, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Department, that the Recipient has commenced construction, modernization or expansion work on such Project, or workforce development
activities in relation to such Project, as applicable.

“Project Completion Clawback Date” means, with respect to any Project, the date the Recipient is required to achieve the Project Completion Date

for such Project as set forth in Schedule B (Disbursement Milestone Schedule).

A-22

“Project Completion Date” means, with respect to any Project, the first date on which the applicable Project Completion Requirements have been

achieved with respect to such Project to the satisfaction of the Department.

“Project Completion Requirements” means, with respect to any Project:

(a) each Disbursement Milestone (other than, for the Fab 62 Project and the Ohio Project, any Customer Milestone, and for the Ohio
Project, the "Achievement of Milestone 2" component of Milestone 3) for such Project shall have been completed to the
satisfaction of the Department;

(b) no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Change of Control Event shall exist as of the Project Completion Date or

would result from the occurrence of the Project Completion Date;

(c) each of the representations and warranties made (or deemed made) by the Recipient in any Award Document with respect to
such Project shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty itself
is qualified by “materiality,” “material adverse effect” or a similar qualifier, in which case it shall be true and correct in all
respects) as of such date, except to the extent such representation or warranty is made only as of a specific date or time (in
which event such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as of such date or time);

(d) the Recipient shall have furnished the Department with a project completion certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the
Recipient, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit F, certifying that each of the requirements set forth in clauses (a)
through (c) has been satisfied as of the date of the Project Completion Certificate.

“Project Costs” means, with respect to any Project, all costs that have been incurred or are projected to be incurred by the Recipient in connection with

the construction, expansion or modernization of such Project from the Eligibility Start Date through the Project Completion Date for such Project, including:

(a) fees and expenses payable under the Financing Documents prior to the end of the Direct Funding Disbursement Period;

(b) costs to acquire title or use rights to the applicable Project Site, necessary easements and other real property interests;

(c) costs and expenses of legal, engineering, accounting, construction management and other advisors or Consultants incurred in

connection with any Project;

(d) fees, commissions and expenses payable to the Department;

(e) development costs to the extent permitted to be paid under the Financing Documents;

(f) insurance premiums in connection with such Project obtained prior to the applicable Project Completion Date for such Project;

(g) the Recipient’s labor costs and general and administration costs;

A-23

(h) costs incurred under the relevant operations and management agreement and mobilization costs included in the Base Case

Financial Model;

(i) operating losses through the Breakeven Date; and

(j) such other costs or expenses approved by the Department.

“Project IP” means, with respect to any Project, all Technology and Intellectual Property that is: (a) used in, material or necessary for, or arising from,
the development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, starting up, commissioning, ownership, operation or maintenance of such Project; or (b)
necessary to achieve the applicable Project Completion Date, but in either of (a) or (b), excluding any Software that: (i) has not been modified or customized for
the Recipient; (ii) is readily commercially available; and (iii) is licensed under standard terms and conditions.

“Project Site” means:

(a) with respect to the Arizona Projects, the Real Property described on Part 1 (Arizona Projects) of Schedule D (Project Sites);

(b) with respect to the New Mexico Project, the Real Property described on Part 2 (New Mexico Project) of Schedule D (Project

Sites);

(c) with respect to the Ohio Project, a portion of the Real Property described on Part 3 (Ohio Project) of Schedule D (Project Sites);

and

(d) with respect to the Oregon Project, the Real Property described on Part 4 (Oregon Project) of Schedule D (Project Sites).

“Project-Specific Event of Default” means any Event of Default pursuant to:

(a) Section 9.1.1(a) (Project Completion Clawback Event);

(b) Section 9.1.1(d) (Authorized Purpose Clawback Event);

(c) Section 9.1.1(e) (Property Disposition Clawback Event);

(d) Section 9.1.3(a) (Other Breaches), in relation to Section 7.2.8 (Intellectual Property), where such breach relates to a

specific Project, Project Site or Recipient Party (other than the Recipient);

(e) Section 9.1.3(b) (Other Breaches), where such breach relates to a specific Project, Project Site or Recipient Party (other than

the Recipient);

(f) Section 9.1.3(c) (Other Breaches), where such Event of Default arises in relation to a breach of a covenant, term, or obligation

in relation to a specific Project, Project Site, or Recipient Party (other than the Recipient);

(g) Section 9.1.4 (Cross Default.), in relation to (i) 9.1.4(a)or (ii) 9.1.4(b) (where such Event of Default arises in relation to a

payment default of any Recipient Party other than the Recipient);

(h) Section 9.1.6 (Required Approvals), where such Event of Default arises in relation to any Required Approval in relation to a

specific Project or Project Site, or any Recipient Party other than the Recipient;

A-24

(i) Section 9.1.7 (Bankruptcy; Insolvency; Dissolution.), where such Event of Default arises in relation to any Recipient Party
(other than the Recipient) and the Recipient (a) pays to the Department within sixty (60) calendar days of such Event of Default
arising an amount equal to the proceeds paid to the Recipient pursuant to the Direct Funding Disbursements made hereunder
and the FFB Advances made under the Loan Guarantee Agreement with respect to each Project in which such Recipient Party
holds (or, immediately prior to such Event of Default, held) a direct or indirect legal or beneficial ownership interest, and (b)
submits to the Department a Corrective Action Plan within thirty (30) calendar days of such Event of Default arising that the
Department confirms in writing as being in form and substance satisfactory to the Department within sixty (60) calendar days of
such Event of Default arising;

(j) Section 9.1.8 (Attachment), where such Event of Default arises in relation to any assets of a specific Project or any Recipient

Party other than the Recipient;

(k) Section 9.1.9 (Judgments), where such Event of Default arises with respect to a Recipient Party other than the Recipient or is
in the form of an injunction or similar form of relief that is not satisfied or discharged requiring Abandonment of operation of a
Project;

(l) Section 9.1.10 (Abandonment.);

(m) Section 9.1.11 (Environmental Matters) and 9.1.14 (Certain Governmental Actions), where such Event of Default arises in
relation to any Action, Government Judgment or Governmental Authority's action in relation to a specific Project or Project Site,
or any Recipient Party other than the Recipient; and

(n) Section 9.1.12 (Misstatements; Omissions), where the applicable representation or warranty is made with respect to a

Project, Project Site or Recipient Entity other than the Recipient.

“Property” means, unless otherwise specifically limited, real or personal property of any kind, tangible or intangible, choate or inchoate.

“Prudent Industry Practice” shall mean, with respect to any Project, that range of practices, methods, equipment, specifications, and standards of
safety and performance, as are commonly accepted in the Semiconductor industry as good, safe, prudent and commercial practices in connection with the
design, construction, operation, maintenance, repair and use of such Project.

“Quality of Earnings Report” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.3 (Upside Sharing Amount Certification).

“Real Property” means, with respect to any Person, all right, title and interest of such Person in and to any and all parcels of real property owned,
leased or encumbered by such Person, together with all improvements and appurtenant fixtures, easements, mineral rights and other property and rights
incidental to the ownership, lease or operation thereof.

“Recipient” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

“Recipient Party” means each of: (i) the Recipient, (ii) any Affiliate of the Recipient holding or acquiring any direct or indirect legal or beneficial

Ownership Interest or voting rights in any Project at any

A-25

time, and (iii) at any time following a Change of Control in relation to IFC, in addition to the foregoing, IFC to the extent it holds or acquires, and any Affiliate of
IFC holding or acquiring, in each case any direct or indirect legal or beneficial Ownership Interest or voting rights in any Project at any time.

“Recipient’s Accountant” means Ernst & Young LLP, or such other firm of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing

as may be appointed by the Recipient from time to time.

“Referral” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13 (Dispute Resolution.).

“Related Entity” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Release” means disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, leaking, leaching, dumping, pumping, pouring, emitting, escaping, emptying, depositing or

seeping into the environment, and the term “Released” and similar constructions have correlative meanings.

“Relevant Period” means (a) Relevant Period 1; (b) Relevant Period 2; and (c) Relevant Period 3, as applicable.

“Relevant Period 1” means the three (3) Fiscal Year period commencing on the first (1st) Fiscal Year after the Fiscal Year in which the Breakeven Date

occurs.

occurs.

occurs.

“Relevant Period 2” means the six (6) Fiscal Year period commencing on the first (1st) Fiscal Year after the Fiscal Year in which the Breakeven Date

“Relevant Period 3” means the nine (9) Fiscal Year period commencing on the first (1st) Fiscal Year after the Fiscal Year in which the Breakeven Date

“Relevant Project” means, in relation to any condition precedent under Section 5.1 (Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding Disbursement)

or representation and warranty:

(a) to be satisfied (in the case of a condition precedent) or given (in the case of a representation and warranty) on the date of a
Disbursement Request or on a Disbursement Date, each Project for which the relevant Disbursement has been requested (as
set out in the applicable Disbursement Request); and

(b) to be given (in the case of a representation and warranty) on a Project Completion Date, each Project for which the Project

Completion Date occurs.

“Relevant Recipient Party” means:

(a) in relation to any condition precedent under Section 5.1 (Conditions Precedent to Each Direct Funding Disbursement) (other
than the condition precedent under Section 5.1.10 (Corrective Action Plan)) or representation and warranty, each Recipient
Party holding any direct or indirect beneficial ownership interest in a Project which is a Relevant Project for such condition
precedent or representation and warranty; and

(b) in relation to the condition precedent under Section 5.1.10 (Corrective Action Plan), each Recipient Party.

“Required Approvals” means, with respect to any Project, all Governmental Approvals and other consents and approvals of third parties necessary or
required by the Recipient or any Recipient Party (or with respect to its respective Properties) under Applicable Law, the Program Requirements, the Financing
Documents or any contractual obligation needed for purposes of: (a) the due execution, delivery

A-26

recordation, filing or performance by any Recipient Party of any Financing Document to which such Recipient Party is or is to be a party; (b) the exercise by the
Department of its rights under any of the Financing Documents; (c) in any material respect, the development, construction, operation or maintenance of such
Project; and (d) the Recipient’s ownership of or leasehold interest in (as applicable) such Project, other than, in each case, those that are of a routine nature
and can be obtained in the ordinary course of business.

“ROD” means the Record of Decision issued pursuant to 40 C.F.R. § 1505.2.

“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, so long as it is a rating agency.

“Safe Harbor Conditions” means, for a Change of Control in relation to the Recipient and IFC only, each of the following:

(a) the Safe Harbor Investor has the demonstrated ability to substantially finance the construction, expansion, or modernization of a

semiconductor facility and to continue each of the Projects to Project Completion;

(b) no downgrade would reasonably be expected to occur as a result of the Change of Control resulting in Intel Corporation's (or any

successor's) credit rating dropping below BBB- (or equivalent) by any two of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch;

(c) the Recipient and IFC (as applicable) comply with each of the Safe Harbor Covenants;

(d) in respect of a Change of Control in relation to IFC only:

(i) IFC (or any successor) is able to demonstrate a minimum credit rating of BBB- (or equivalent) by any two of S&P, Moody’s
and Fitch, or access to sufficient capital to continue each of the Projects to Project Completion in all reasonable
scenarios; and

(ii) IFC (or any successor), prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, accedes to this Agreement as a co-obligor with
the Recipient with respect to the Projects in which it has (or will have, following the Change of Control) direct or indirect
Ownership Interests or which it Controls (or will Control, following the Change of Control), giving all relevant
representations and warranties in respect of such Projects, undertaking to comply with all relevant covenants in
respect of such Projects (including but not limited to the applicable Safe Harbor Covenants), assuming joint and
several liability with the Recipient under this Agreement, and assuming restrictions on its ability to transfer Ownership
Interests and Control in the Projects it owns and Controls equivalent to the restrictions applicable to the Recipient
under this Agreement; and

(e) the Safe Harbor Investor, prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, enters into an "Investor Affirmation Agreement" with

the Department, whereby the Investor:

(i) acknowledges and affirms that, after the occurrence of such Change of Control, the Recipient and IFC (as applicable) will

be bound by each of the Safe Harbor Covenants; and

A-27

(ii) represents and warrants that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Recipient (in the event the Safe
Harbor Investor is acquiring the relevant Ownership Interest in or Control of the Recipient) or IFC (in the event the Safe
Harbor Investor is acquiring the relevant Ownership Interest in or Control of IFC) to comply with (as applicable) each of
the Safe Harbor Covenants.

“Safe Harbor Covenants” means the covenants set out in Section 8.1.5(f) (Safe Harbor Covenants).

“Safe Harbor Investor” means, for a Change of Control in compliance with the Safe Harbor Conditions, the applicable Person or group of Persons

acting in concert acquiring the relevant Ownership Interest in or Control of the Recipient or IFC, as applicable.

“SAM” means the System for Award Management electronic database administered by the United States General Services Administration, found at

www.sam.gov.

“Sanctioned Country” means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of comprehensive country-wide or territory-

wide Sanctions.

“Sanctioned Person” means, at any time, (a) any Person identified on any Sanctions List; (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a
Sanctioned Country; (c) any Person owned fifty percent (50%) or more or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or
(b); or (d) any Person that is otherwise the subject or target of any Sanctions.

“Sanctions” means any and all laws concerning or relating to economic, financial or trade sanctions, embargoes, or similar restrictive measures

imposed, administered, enacted or enforced by a Sanctions Authority.

“Sanctions Authority” means the United States federal government, including OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, and BIS.

“Sanctions List” means any list of designated Persons maintained by any Sanctions Authority, including, without limitation, the “Specially Designated
Nationals and Blocked Persons” list, “Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List,” and “Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies List” maintained
by OFAC and the “Denied Persons List,” “Entity List,” “Unverified List,” and “Military End-User List” maintained by BIS.

“Secretary” has the meaning set forth in the Guardrail Provisions.

“Semiconductor” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(h) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of the Guardrail Provisions.

“Sensitive Information” means: (a) any information that is subject to Data Protection Laws; (b) Trade Secrets, or any other information in which any
Recipient Party has confidential Intellectual Property (including any relevant Project IP owned by any Recipient Party); and (c) any information with respect to
which any Recipient Party has contractual non-disclosure obligations.

“Software” means any and all: (a) computer programs and software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies, in each case, whether
in source code, object code or any other form; (b) descriptions, flow charts and other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the
foregoing, firmware, development tools, configurations, interfaces, platforms and applications; (c) data, databases and compilations; and (d) documentation
supporting or related to any of the foregoing (including training materials). Software shall include “software” as such term is defined in the UCC and computer
programs that may be construed as included in the definition of “goods” in the UCC, including any licensed rights to Software, and all media that may contain
Software or recorded data of any kind.

A-28

“Source Code” means, with respect to any Software, the human-readable form of such Software.

“Subaward” means an award to carry out the Authorized Purpose that is not a contract for goods or services.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other business
entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person’s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements
were prepared in accordance with the Applicable Accounting Requirements as of such date, as well as any other corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture or other business entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of shares of stock or other
Ownership Interests entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of the Person or Persons (whether directors,
managers, trustees or other Persons performing similar functions) having the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies thereof is at
the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof.

“Survey” means, with respect to any Project, the survey or site master plan(s) delivered with respect to the applicable Project Site for such Project prior

to the Award Date pursuant to Section 4.6(a) (Real Property and Land Rights).

“Synchroquartz” means Synchroquartz U.S. Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

“Taxes” means all taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest,

penalties or additions thereto imposed in respect thereof.

“Technical Advisor” means TechInsights Inc., acting as technical advisor to the Department in connection with the Projects, or any successor technical

advisor appointed by the Department.

“Technology” means regardless of form, any invention (whether or not patentable or reduced to Practice), discovery, information, work of authorship,
articles of manufacture, machines, methods, processes, models, procedures, protocols, designs, diagrams, drawings, documentation, flow charts, network
configurations and architectures, schematics, specifications, concepts, data, databases and data collections, algorithms, formulas, know-how, and techniques,
Software code, including all Source Code, object code, firmware, development tools and application programming interfaces, tools, materials, and other forms
of technology and all media on which any of the foregoing is recorded.

“Technology Clawback Term” means, with respect to any Project, the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on to the last day of the

Period of Performance.

“Technology Licensing” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(c) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of the Guardrail Provisions.

“Termination Date” means the date that is the later of (a) the last day of the Upside Sharing Term; and (b) the tenth (10th) anniversary from the Award

Date.

“Threshold” means, with respect to any Project and each Relevant Period, the amount set out below:

Relevant Period

Arizona Projects

Ohio Project

New Mexico Project

Relevant Period 1

Relevant Period 2

Relevant Period 3$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]$[***]

A-29

“Title Report” means, with respect to any Project, a current title search report issued by a title insurance company that identifies the current owner of

the applicable Project Site, the estate held by such owner in such Project Site, and all liens and encumbrances affecting such Project Site.

“Total Cumulative Realized Unlevered Free Cash Flow” means, with respect to any Project and for any Fiscal Year, the cumulative total of all
Unlevered Free Cash Flow for such Project for the period beginning on the first day of such Fiscal Year (provided that, in respect of the first applicable Fiscal
Year for any Project, such period shall begin on the date Project Costs for such Project are first incurred) through the end of such Fiscal Year, as calculated in
accordance with the audited Financial Statements of the Recipient for such Fiscal Year and the related Quality of Earnings Report.

“Total Funding Available” means, with respect to any Project and as of any date of determination, with respect to each Project, the sum of: (a) the
unused portion of the Maximum Direct Funding Award Amount for such Project; plus (b) funds that Recipient reasonably expects to contribute in equity, loan or
otherwise, and/or raised in the capital markets or otherwise for such Project; plus (c) other subsidies reasonably expected to be received by Recipient, including
but not limited to any applicable investment tax credits for such Project, and (d) any other funding that the Department determines to be reasonably likely to
become available to the Recipient after such date of determination to pay all remaining Project Costs for such Project.

“Total Project Costs” means, with respect to any Project and as of any date of determination, the total amount of Project Costs reasonably likely to be

required to be paid by the Recipient to achieve the Project Completion Date for such Project.

“Trade Secrets” means any trade secrets and other confidential or proprietary information, including know-how, inventions, processes, procedures,
algorithms, Source Code, databases, concepts, ideas, research or development information, techniques, technical information and data, specifications,
methods, discoveries, modifications, extensions, and customer and supplier lists, in each case, whether or not reduced to a written or other tangible form.

“Transfer” means any sale, assignment, pledge, creation of a security interest or other transfer, regardless of whether carried out directly or indirectly;
provided that the term "Transfer" shall not include the creation or existence of any Permitted Lien, so long as no ownership is transferred to any party pursuant
thereto.

“TVPA” means the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. § 7101 et seq.).

“UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code of the applicable jurisdiction.

“United States” or “U.S.” means the United States of America.

“Unlevered Free Cash Flow” means, with respect to any Project and for any Fiscal Year, the amount calculated as (a) total revenue, less (b) cost of
goods sold including depreciation, less (c) operating expenses, less (d) cash taxes, less (e) Capital Expenditures, plus (f) depreciation and Amortization, in
each case, for such Project in such Fiscal Year and as each term is defined in accordance with GAAP; provided, that any change in net working capital in such
Fiscal Year shall assumed to be zero Dollars ($0).

“Upside Sharing Amount” means, with respect to any Project for each Relevant Period, the amount due (if any) to the Department for such Relevant

Period calculated in accordance with Section 3.2.2 (Upside Sharing Amount Calculation).

“Upside Sharing Amount Certification” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.3 (Upside Sharing Amount Certification).

“Upside Sharing Term” means, with respect to each Project other than the Oregon Project, the period commencing on the Award Date and ending on

the earlier of (a) the last day of the ninth (9th)

A-30

Fiscal Year after the Fiscal Year in which the Breakeven Date occurs for the applicable Project and (b) the date on which all Upside Sharing Amounts owed by
the Recipient have been made by the Recipient to the Department pursuant to this Agreement.

“Workforce Activities” means the workforce development activities to be funded pursuant to and as detailed in Annex D (Program Requirements).

“Workforce Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) (Award Amount.).

“Workforce Disbursement” has the meaning set forth in Annex G (Direct Funding for Workforce Activities).

“Workforce Disbursement Date” means a Disbursement Date on which a Workforce Disbursement is made in accordance with this Agreement.

A-31

ANNEX B

RULES OF INTERPRETATION

For all purposes of this Agreement, including any Exhibits, Schedules, Annexes and Appendices hereto, unless otherwise indicated in this Agreement or

required by the context:

1. Plurals and Gender. Defined terms in the singular shall include the plural and vice versa, and the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include all

genders.

2. Use of Or. The word “or” is not exclusive.

3. Change of Law. Each reference to an Applicable Law or Environmental Law includes any amendment, supplement, modification or replacement of such
Applicable Law or Environmental Law, as the case may be, to the extent such amendment, supplement, modification or replacement is legally
applicable to and binding on the Recipient or any Recipient Party.

4. Successor and Assigns. A reference to a Person includes its successors and permitted assigns.

5. Including. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” are not limiting and mean include, includes and including “without limitation,” “without limitation

by specification” and “but not limited to.”

6. Hereof, Herein, Hereunder. The words “hereof,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of similar import when used in any document shall refer to such

document as a whole and not to any particular provision of such document.

7. Articles, Sections, Exhibits. A reference in a document to an Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule, Annex or Appendix is to the Article, Section, Exhibit,

Schedule, Annex or Appendix of such document unless otherwise indicated.

8. Attachments, Replacements, Amendments. References to any document, instrument or agreement (a) shall include all exhibits, schedules, annexes and
appendices thereto, and all exhibits, schedules, annexes or appendices to any document shall be deemed incorporated by reference in such document;
(b) shall include all documents, instruments or agreements issued or executed in replacement thereof; and (c) shall mean such document, instrument
or agreement, or replacement thereto, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time and in effect at any
given time to the extent that any such amendment, amendment and restatement, supplement, or modification is permitted under the terms of such
document, instrument or agreement and under the terms of the Financing Documents.

9. Periods and Time. Unless otherwise specified, references to “days,” “weeks,” “months” and “years” shall mean calendar days, weeks, months and years,

respectively. References to a time of day shall mean such time in Washington, D.C.

10. Department Determinations. Any determination made by the Department pursuant to this Agreement or any other the Award Document shall be
determined at the discretion of the Department, provided that the Department shall not unlawfully withhold or unreasonably delay a decision, nor act in
an arbitrary or capricious manner, abuse its discretion, or otherwise act not in accordance with the law.

11. Ambiguities. The Financing Documents are the result of negotiations and have been reviewed by each party to the Financing Documents and their
respective counsel. Accordingly, the Financing Documents shall be deemed to be the product of all parties thereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed
in favor of or against any Person.

B-1

12. Continuing Definitions. With respect to any term that is defined by reference to any document, for purposes hereof, such term shall continue to have the

original definition notwithstanding any termination, expiration or modification of such document unless otherwise agreed by the Parties.

13. Headings. The table of contents and article and section headings and other captions have been inserted as a matter of convenience for the purpose of

reference only and do not limit or affect the meaning of the terms and provisions thereof.

14. Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically defined shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.

15. Reasonable Efforts. The expressions “reasonable efforts” and “commercially reasonable efforts” and expressions of like import, when used in connection

with an obligation of either Party shall be interpreted in accordance with New York law.

16. Reasonableness. The words “reasonable”, “reasonably”, “unreasonably” and words of similar import, when applied to the Department’s satisfaction,
acceptance, determination, consent, discretion or approval, take into account any special consideration affecting decisions of the Department in its
capacity as a governmental entity or its responsibilities as such and are based on its policies, practices, and procedures, and laws and regulations
applicable to it.

17. Conflict. Except as otherwise expressly provided for herein, in the case of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any

Financing Document, the terms of this Agreement, as between the Recipient and the Department, shall prevail.

18. Independence of Covenants. All covenants hereunder and under the other Financing Documents shall be given independent effect so that if a particular
action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or would otherwise be within the
limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Potential Event of Default, an Event of Default, or a Change of Control Event if such
action is taken or condition exists.

19. Order of Precedence. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions included in the body of this Agreement, the Funding Obligation and the
terms and conditions included in any of the attachments hereto, the order of precedence shall be: (a) Funding Obligation, (b) Annex B (Rules of
Interpretation), (c) Annex C (Guardrail Provisions) (including the Definitions set forth therein), (d) Annex E (Davis-Bacon Act Requirements)
(including the Definitions set forth therein), (e) the body of this Agreement, (f) Annex A (Definitions), (g) Schedule B (Disbursement Milestone
Schedule), (h) Schedule A (Fiscal Year Appropriations), (i) Annex D (Program Requirements), (j) Annex F (Reporting Covenants) and (k) Annex G
(Direct Funding for Workforce Activities).

B-2

ANNEX C

GUARDRAIL PROVISIONS

SECTION 1 PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN EXPANSION TRANSACTIONS

During the Expansion Clawback Term, the Recipient and Members of the Affiliated Group may not engage in any Significant Transaction involving the
Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity in a Foreign Country of Concern; provided that, this prohibition will not apply to:

(a) Existing Facilities or equipment of a Recipient or any Member of the Affiliated Group for manufacturing Legacy Semiconductors; or

(b) Significant Transactions involving Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity that:

(i) Produce Legacy Semiconductors; and

(ii) Predominately Serve the Market of a Foreign Country of Concern.

SECTION 2 PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN JOINT RESEARCH OR TECHNOLOGY LICENSING

(a) During the Technology Clawback Term, the Recipient may not Knowingly engage in any Joint Research or Technology Licensing with a Foreign

Entity of Concern that relates to a Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns.

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section 2 (Prohibition On Certain Joint Research Or Technology Licensing), this prohibition will not
apply to Joint Research or Technology Licensing with a Foreign Entity of Concern that relates to a Technology or Product that Raises National
Security Concerns that was ongoing prior to (i) being listed as a Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns in 68 Fed. Reg.
65600 (September 25, 2023), or (ii) an announcement by the Secretary identifying such technology or product as a Technology or Product that
Raises National Security Concerns as set forth in part (c) of the definition of such term. All ongoing Joint Research or Technology Licensing that
the Recipient has with a Foreign Entity of Concern that relates to a Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns that was
ongoing as of November 24, 2023 is set forth in Part 2 (Joint Research or Technology Licensing of Recipient) of Appendix 1 hereto, which
Appendix will be amended by the Recipient in connection with any public determinations by the Secretary of Technologies or Products that
Raise National Security Concerns to memorialize that such technology or product was ongoing as of the date of such announcement.

SECTION 3 ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS ON CERTAIN JOINT RESEARCH OR TECHNOLOGY LICENSING

(a) If, during the Technology Clawback Term, any Related Entity that designs, manufactures or assembles a Specified Technology or Product (or any
other technology or product substantially the same thereto) engages in Joint Research or Technology Licensing with a Foreign Entity of
Concern with respect to the Specified Technology or Product (or any other technology or product substantially the same thereto), then the
Secretary may take any measures to mitigate the risk to national security, which measures may include, but are not limited to, recovering up to
the full amount of any Award made to the Recipient that is within the Technology Clawback Term for such Award (which recovery may be
pursuant to Section 7(d) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of this Annex), negotiating an amendment to this Agreement, or exercising
any other remedy available to the Secretary at equity or in law.

C-1

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section 3 (Additional Conditions on Certain Joint Research or Technology Licensing), this condition
will not apply to Joint Research or Technology Licensing with a Foreign Entity of Concern that relates to a Technology or Product that Raises
National Security Concerns that was ongoing prior to (i) being listed as a Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns in 68
Fed. Reg. 65600 (September 25, 2023), or (ii) an announcement by the Secretary identifying such technology or product as a Technology or
Product that Raises National Security Concerns as set forth in part (c) of the definition of such term. All such ongoing Joint Research or
Technology Licensing that would otherwise be prohibited by paragraph (a) that was ongoing as of September 25, 2023 is set forth in Appendix
1, which Appendix will be amended by the Recipient in connection with any public determinations by the Secretary of Technologies or Products
that Raise National Security Concerns to memorialize that such technology or product was ongoing as of the date of such announcement.

SECTION 4 RETENTION OF RECORDS.

(a) During the Expansion Clawback Term and for a period of seven (7) years following any Significant Transaction involving the Material Expansion of
Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity in a Foreign Country of Concern, a Recipient or Member of the Affiliated Group planning or engaging in
any such Significant Transaction involving the Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity in a Foreign Country of Concern
will maintain records related to the Significant Transaction in a manner consistent with the recordkeeping practices used in their ordinary course
of business for such transactions.

(b) A Recipient that is notified that a transaction is being reviewed by the Secretary in accordance with the Guardrail Regulations will immediately take
steps to retain all records relating to such transaction, including if those records are maintained by a Member of the Affiliated Group or by
Related Entities. Any failure to maintain such records will be an adverse inference regarding compliance with the provisions of this Annex.

SECTION 5 PROCEDURES FOR NOTIFYING THE SECRETARY OF SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS

During the Expansion Clawback Term, the Recipient will submit written notification to the Secretary regarding any planned Significant Transactions of
the Recipient or Members of the Affiliated Group that may involve the Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity in a Foreign
Country of Concern, regardless of whether the Recipient believes the transaction falls within an exception stated in Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain
Expansion Transactions) of this Annex. Each notification must include the information set forth in Section 6 (Contents Of Notifications;
Certifications; Additional Information) and be submitted to the Secretary in accordance with the notice provisions of this Agreement and to
notifications@chips.gov.

SECTION 6 CONTENTS OF NOTIFICATIONS; CERTIFICATIONS; ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

(a) The notification required by Section 5 (Procedures For Notifying The Secretary Of Significant Transactions) of this Annex will be certified by
the Recipient’s chief executive officer, president, or equivalent corporate officer, and will contain the following information about the parties and
the transaction, which must be accurate and complete:

(i) The Recipient and any Member of the Affiliated Group that is party to any Award Document, including for each a primary point of contact,

telephone number, and email address.

(ii) The identity and location(s) of all other parties to the transaction.

C-2

(iii) Information, including organizational chart(s), on the ownership structure of parties to the transactions.

(iv) A description of any other significant foreign involvement, e.g., through financing, in the transaction.

(v) The name(s) and location(s) of any entity in a Foreign Country of Concern where or at which Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity may

be Materially Expanded by the transaction.

(vi) A description of the transaction, including the specific types of Semiconductors currently produced at the facility planned for expansion,
the current production technology node (or equivalent information) and Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity, as well as the specific
types of Semiconductors planned for manufacture, the planned production technology node, and planned Semiconductor
Manufacturing Capacity.

(vii) If the Recipient asserts that the transaction involves the Material Expansion of Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity that produces
Legacy Semiconductors that will Predominately Serve the Market of a Foreign Country of Concern, documentation as to where the final
products incorporating the Legacy Semiconductors are to be used or consumed, including the percent of Semiconductor Manufacturing
Capacity or percent of sales revenue that will be accounted for by use or consumption of the final goods in the Foreign Country of
Concern.

(viii) If applicable, an explanation of how the transaction meets the exemptions set forth in Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion
Transactions) of this Annex, including details on the calculations for Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity and/or sales revenue by
the market in which the final goods will be consumed.

(b) If during the review of the notification specified in Section 5 (Procedures For Notifying The Secretary Of Significant Transactions) of this
Annex, the Secretary requests additional information from the Recipient, the Recipient will promptly provide any additional information.

SECTION 7 REMEDIES, MITIGATION AND CLAWBACKS

(a) If the Secretary makes a final determination that a transaction would violate Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions) of this
Annex or that the Recipient or a Member of the Affiliated Group has violated Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions) of
this Annex by engaging in a prohibited Significant Transaction, the Recipient must cease or abandon the transaction (or, if applicable, ensure
that the Member of the Affiliated Group ceases or abandons the transaction), and the Recipient’s chief executive officer, president, or equivalent
corporate official, must submit electronically a signed 
to
notifications@chips.gov within forty-five (45) days of the final determination certifying that the transaction has ceased or been abandoned. Such
letter must certify, under the penalties provided in the False Statements Accountability Act of 1996, as amended (18 U.S.C. § 1001), that the
information in the letter is accurate and complete.

the notice provisions of 

in accordance with 

this Agreement 

letter 

(b) Unless recovery is waived by the Secretary, a violation of Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions) of this Annex for engaging
in a prohibited Significant Transaction or failing to cease or abandon a planned Significant Transaction that the Secretary has determined would
be in violation of Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain

C-3

Expansion Transactions) of this Annex, will result in the recovery of the full amount of any Award made to the Recipient that is within the
Expansion Clawback Term for such Award. If the means of recovery is not otherwise specified in this Agreement, the amount of any Award to be
recovered will be treated as a debt owed to the U.S. Government which is immediately due and payable.

(c) If the Secretary determines that a Recipient or Member of the Affiliated Group is planning to undertake or has undertaken a Significant Transaction
that violates or would violate Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions) of this Annex, the Secretary may seek to take
measures in connection with the transaction to mitigate the risk to national security. Such measures may include negotiation with the Recipient
of an amendment to this Agreement to mitigate the risk to national security in connection with the transaction (a “Mitigation Agreement”). In
such a Mitigation Agreement, the Secretary may (but is not required to) waive the recovery of funds for violation of Section 1 (Prohibition on
Certain Expansion Transactions) of this Annex. If a Recipient fails to comply with the Mitigation Agreement or if other conditions in the
Mitigation Agreement are violated, the Secretary may recover the full amount of any Award made to the Recipient that is within the Expansion
Clawback Term for such Award, in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section 7 (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks).

(d) If the Secretary makes a final determination that the Recipient is not in compliance with Section 2 (Prohibition On Certain Joint Research Or
Technology Licensing) of this Annex, the Secretary will recover the full amount of any Award made to the Recipient that is within the
Technology Clawback Term for such Award. If the means of recovery is not otherwise specified in this Agreement, the amount of any Award to
be recovered will be treated as a debt owed to the U.S. Government which is immediately due and payable.

(e) If the Secretary makes a final determination that a Related Entity has engaged in activity that would violate the conditions in Section 3 (Additional
Conditions on Certain Joint Research or Technology Licensing) of this Annex, the Secretary may take measures to mitigate the risk to
national security, which measures may include, but are not limited to, recovering up to the full amount of any Award made to the Recipient that
is within the Technology Clawback Term for such Award to the Recipient, negotiating an amendment to this Agreement, as necessary, or
exercising any other remedy available to the Secretary at equity or in law. If the means of recovery is not otherwise specified in this Agreement,
the amount of any Award to be recovered will be treated as a debt owed to the U.S. Government which is immediately due and payable.

(f) Interest on a debt owed under this Section 7 (Remedies, Mitigation And Clawbacks) of this Annex will be calculated from the date on which the
Secretary provides a final notification to the Recipient that an action violated Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions),
Section 2 (Prohibition On Certain Joint Research Or Technology Licensing) or Section 3 (Additional Conditions on Certain Joint
Research or Technology Licensing) of this Annex.

(g) The Secretary may take action to collect a debt due under this Section 7 (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks), if such debt is not paid within
the time prescribed in this Agreement or Mitigation Agreement. In addition, the Secretary may refer the unpaid debt to the Department of Justice
for appropriate action.

(h) If the Secretary makes an initial determination that Section 1 (Prohibition on Certain Expansion Transactions), Section 2 (Prohibition On
Certain Joint Research Or Technology Licensing) or Section 3 (Additional Conditions On Certain Joint Research Or Technology
Licensing) of this Annex has been violated, the Secretary

C-4

may, in addition to the other remedies specified herein, suspend further disbursement of Award amounts to the Recipient.

(i) The recoveries and remedies available under this Section 7 (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) are without prejudice to other available

remedies, including other remedies provided in this Agreement and civil or criminal penalties.

Definitions

Capitalized terms used in this Annex and Appendix 1 will have the meanings set forth below, and the rules of interpretation set forth in Annex B

Rules of Interpretation will apply, except, in each case, as otherwise expressly provided therein.

“Award Agreements” means the Direct Funding Agreement and Loan Guarantee Agreement, stating the terms and conditions by which the
Secretary agrees to make Awards available to the Recipient and the obligations and duties of the Recipient in connection therewith, and has the same
meaning as “Required Agreement” in 15 CFR Section 112.

“Existing Facility” means:

(a) Any facility, the current status of which, including its Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity, is memorialized in Appendix 1 hereto, based
on the Secretary’s assessments of historical capacity measurements. Only facilities built, equipped, and operating prior to entering into
this Award Agreement are considered to be Existing Facilities. A facility that undergoes Significant Renovations will no longer qualify as
an Existing Facility.

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), an Existing Facility is a facility that is in the process of being equipped, expanded or modernized as of the
date of execution of this Agreement, and for which the Secretary has exercised his or her discretion to determine that such facility is an
Existing Facility.

(c) Each Existing Facility for the purpose of this Award Agreement, is specified in Appendix 1.

“Foreign Country of Concern” means:

(a) A country that is a covered nation (as defined in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d)); and

(b) Any country that the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National
Intelligence, determines to be engaged in conduct that is detrimental to the national security or foreign policy of the United States and
provides notice of the same in the Federal Register.

“Foreign Entity” means:

(a) A government of a foreign country or a foreign political party;

(b) A natural person who is not a lawful permanent resident of the United States, citizen of the United States, or any other protected individual

(as such term is defined in section 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3)); or

(c) A partnership, association, corporation, organization, or other combination of persons organized under the laws of or having its principal

place of business in a foreign country; and

(d) Includes:

C-5

(i) Any Person owned by, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction or direction of an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this definition;

(ii) Any Person, wherever located, who acts as an agent, representative, or employee of an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this

definition;

(iii) Any Person who acts in any other capacity at the order, request, or under the direction or control of an entity listed in paragraph
(a) of this definition, or of a Person whose activities are directly or indirectly supervised, directed, controlled, financed, or
subsidized in whole or in majority part by an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this definition;

(iv) Any Person who directly or indirectly through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, owns twenty-

five percent (25%) or more of the equity interests of an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this definition;

(v) Any Person with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this definition;

(vi) Any Person, wherever located, who is a citizen or resident of a country controlled by an entity listed in paragraph (a) of this

definition; or

(vii) Any corporation, partnership, association, or other organization organized under the laws of a country controlled by an entity

listed in paragraph (a) of this definition.

“Foreign Entity of Concern” means any Foreign Entity that is:

(a) Designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the Secretary of State under 8 U.S.C. § 1189;

(b) Included on the Department of Treasury’s list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN List), or for which one or more
individuals or entities included on the SDN list, individually or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, hold at least fifty percent (50%) of
the outstanding voting interest;

(c) Owned by, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction or direction of a government of a foreign country that is a covered nation (as defined

in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d));

(d) A Person that is owned by, controlled by, or subject to the jurisdiction of a government of a foreign country listed in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d)

where:

(i) The Person is:

(A) a citizen, national, or resident of a foreign country listed in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d); and

(B) located in a foreign country listed in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d);

(ii) The Person is organized under the laws of or has its principal place of business in a foreign country listed in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d);

(iii) twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the Person’s outstanding voting interest, board seats, or equity interest is held directly or

indirectly by the government of a foreign country listed in 10 U.S.C. § 4872(d); or

C-6

(iv) twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the Person’s outstanding voting interest is held directly or indirectly by any combination of

the persons who fall within clauses (i)-(iii), above;

(e) Alleged by the Attorney General to have been involved in activities for which a conviction was obtained under:

(i) The Espionage Act, 18 U.S.C. § 792 et seq.;

(ii) 18 U.S.C. § 951;

(iii) The Economic Espionage Act of 1996, 18 U.S.C. § 1831 et seq.;

(iv) The Arms Export Control Act, 22 U.S.C. § 2751 et seq.;

(v) The Atomic Energy Act, 42 U.S.C. § 2274, 2275, 2276, 2277, or 2284;

(vi) The Export Control Reform Act of 2018, 50 U.S.C. § 4801 et seq.;

(vii) The International Economic Emergency Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. § 1701 et seq.; or

(viii) Title 18 U.S.C. § 1030;

(f) Included on the Bureau of Industry and Security's Entity List (15 CFR part 744, supplement no. 4);

(g) Included on the Department of the Treasury’s list of Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies (NS-CMIC List), or for
which one or more individuals or entities included on the NS-CMIC list, individually or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, hold at
least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting interest; or

(h) Determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, to be engaged in

unauthorized conduct that is detrimental to the national security or foreign policy of the United States.

“Guardrail Regulations” means those regulations set forth at 15 CFR Part 231.

“Joint Research” means any Research and Development activity that is jointly undertaken by two or more parties, including any Research and
Development activities undertaken as part of a joint venture as defined at 15 U.S.C. § 4301(a)(6), provided, that, the following will not be considered
Joint Research:

(a) A standards-related activity (as such term is defined in 15 CFR Part 772);

(b) Research and development conducted exclusively between and among employees of a Recipient or between and among entities that are

Related Entities to the Recipient;

(c) Research, development, or engineering related to a manufacturing process for an existing product solely to enable use of foundry,

assembly, test, or packaging services for integrated circuits;

(d) Research, development, or engineering involving two or more entities to establish or apply a drawing, design, or related specification for a

product to be purchased and sold between or among such entities; and

C-7

(e) Warranty, service, and customer support performed by a Recipient or an entity that is a Related Entity of a Recipient.

“Knowingly” means acting with knowledge that a circumstance exists or is substantially certain to occur, or with an awareness of a high
probability of its existence or future occurrence. Such awareness can be inferred from evidence of the conscious disregard of facts known to a Person
or of a Person’s willful avoidance of facts.

“Legacy Semiconductor” means:

(a) For the purposes of a Semiconductor wafer facility:

(i) A silicon wafer measuring 8 inches (or 200 millimeters) or smaller in diameter; or

(ii) A compound wafer measuring 6 inches (or 150 millimeters) or smaller in diameter;

(b) For the purposes of a Semiconductor fabrication facility:

(i) A digital or analog logic semiconductor that is of the 28-nanometer generation or older (i.e., has a gate length of 28 nanometers or more

for a planar transistor);

(ii) A memory Semiconductor with a half-pitch greater than 18 nanometers for Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM) or less than 128
layers for Not AND (NAND) flash that does not utilize emerging memory technologies, such as transition metal oxides, phasechange memory, perovskites, or ferromagnetics relevant to advanced memory fabrication; or

(iii) A Semiconductor identified by the Secretary in a public notice issued under 15 U.S.C. § 4652(a)(6)(A)(ii); and

(c) For the purposes of a Semiconductor packaging facility, a Semiconductor that does not utilize advanced three-dimensional (3D) integration

packaging, under clause (z) below,

provided that, notwithstanding the above, the following will not be considered Legacy Semiconductors:

(x) Semiconductors Critical to National Security;

(y) Semiconductors with a post-planar transistor architecture (such as three-dimensional fin field-effect (FinFET) transistors or gate-all-around

(GAA) transistors); and

(z) Semiconductors utilizing advanced three-dimensional (3D) integration packaging, such as by directly attaching one or more dies or wafers,

through silicon vias, through mold vias, or other advanced methods.

“Material Expansion” means:

(a) with respect to an Existing Facility, the increase of the Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity of an Existing Facility by more than five
percent (5%) of the capacity memorialized in Appendix 1, due to the addition of a cleanroom, production line or other physical space, or
a series of such additions; or

(b) any new construction of a facility for Semiconductor Manufacturing.

C-8

“Members of the Affiliated Group” means any entity that is or becomes a member of the Recipient’s “Affiliated Group,” as such term is defined

under 26 U.S.C. § 1504(a), without regard to 26 U.S.C. § 1504(b)(3), including the Members of the Affiliated Group identified in Part 4 of Appendix 1.

“Mitigation Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 7(c) (Remedies, Mitigation and Clawbacks) of this Annex C (Guardrail

Provisions).

“Person” means an individual, partnership, association, corporation, organization, or any other combination of individuals.

“Predominately Serves the Market” means that at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the output of the Semiconductor Manufacturing facility
(e.g., wafers, Semiconductor devices, or packages) by value is incorporated into final products (i.e., not an intermediate product that is used as factor
inputs for producing other goods) that are used or consumed in that market.

“Related Entity” means any entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under

common control with, the Recipient.

“Research and Development” means theoretical analysis, exploration, or experimentation; or the extension of investigative findings and
theories of a scientific or technical nature into practical application, including the experimental production and testing of models, devices, equipment,
materials, and processes.

“Secretary” means the Secretary of Commerce or the Secretary’s designee.

“Semiconductor” means an integrated electronic device or system most commonly manufactured using materials such as, but not limited to,
silicon, silicon carbide, or III-V compounds, and processes such as, but not limited to, lithography, deposition, and etching. Such devices and systems
include but are not limited to analog and digital electronics, power electronics, and photonics, for memory, processing, sensing, actuation, and
communications applications.

“Semiconductor Manufacturing” means Semiconductor wafer production, Semiconductor fabrication or Semiconductor packaging.
Semiconductor wafer production includes the processes of wafer slicing, polishing, cleaning, epitaxial deposition, and metrology. Semiconductor
fabrication includes the process of forming devices such as transistors, poly capacitors, non-metal resistors, and diodes on a wafer of semiconductor
material. Semiconductor packaging means the process of enclosing a Semiconductor in a protective container (package) and providing external power
and signal connectivity for the assembled integrated circuit.

“Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity” means the productive capacity of a facility for Semiconductor Manufacturing. In the case of a wafer
production facility, Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity is measured in wafers per year. In the case of a Semiconductor fabrication facility,
Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity is measured in wafer starts per year. In the case of a Semiconductor fabrication facility for wafers designed for
wafer-to-wafer bonding structure, Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity is measured in stacked wafers per year. In the case of a packaging facility,
Semiconductor Manufacturing Capacity is measured in packages per year.

“Semiconductors Critical to National Security” means:

(a) Semiconductors utilizing nanomaterials, including 1D and 2D carbon allotropes such as graphene and carbon nanotubes;

(b) Compound and wide- and ultra-wide bandgap Semiconductors;

C-9

(c) Radiation-hardened by process (“RHBP”) Semiconductors;

(d) Fully depleted silicon on insulator (“FD-SOI”) Semiconductors, other than with regard to Semiconductor packaging operations with respect

to such Semiconductors of a 28- nanometerer generation or older;

(e) Silicon photonic Semiconductors;

(f) Semiconductors designed for quantum information systems;

(g) Semiconductors designed for operation in cryogenic environments (at or below 77°

Kelvin); and

(h) Any other Semiconductors that the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence,

determines is a Semiconductor Critical to National Security and issues a public notice of that determination.

“Significant Renovations” means building new cleanroom space or adding a production line or other physical space to an Existing Facility
that, in the aggregate during the applicable term of the required agreement, increases semiconductor manufacturing capacity by ten percent (10%) or
more of the capacity memorialized in the Agreement.

“Significant Transaction” means:

(a) an investment, whether proposed, pending or completed, including any capital expenditure, loan, or gift;

(b) the formation of a subsidiary;

(c) a merger, acquisition, or takeover, including:

(i) the acquisition of a new or additional ownership interest in an entity;

(ii) the acquisition of a material portion of the assets of an entity; or

(iii) a consolidation; or

(d) the formation of a joint venture; including a long-term lease or concession arrangement under which a lessee (or equivalent) makes

substantially all business decisions concerning the operation of a leased entity (or equivalent), as if it were the owner,

provided, however, that, for any facility listed in Part 1 of Appendix 1 that has been

designated pursuant to 15 C.F.R. § 231.101(b) as an “Existing Facility,” “significant transaction” shall mean only such activities or investments set forth in (a)-(d)
above with respect to such facility that occur after such facility has been built, equipped, and is operating.

"Specified Technology or Product” means any Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns that is designed, manufactured or

assembled at the/a Project Site.

“Technology Licensing” means:

(a) An express or implied contractual agreement in which the rights owned by, licensed to or otherwise lawfully available to one party in any

trade secrets or knowhow are sold, licensed or otherwise made available to another party.

(b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), the following is not Technology Licensing:

C-10

(i) Licensing of patents, including licenses related to standard essential patents or cross licensing activities;

(ii) Licensing or transfer agreements conducted exclusively between a Recipient and Related Entities, or between or among Related

Entities of the Recipient;

(iii) A standards-related activity (as such term is defined in 15 CFR Part 772);

(iv) Agreements that grant patent rights only with respect to “published information” and no proprietary information is shared;

(v) An implied or general intellectual property license relating to the use of a product that is sold by a Recipient or Related Entities;

(vi) Technology Licensing related to a manufacturing process for an existing product solely to enable use of assembly, test, or

packaging services for integrated circuits;

(vii) Technology Licensing involving two or more entities to establish or apply a drawing, design, or related specification for a product

to be purchased and sold between or among such entities;

(viii) Warranty, service, and customer support performed by a Recipient or an entity that is a Related Entity of a Recipient; and

(ix) Disclosures of technical information to a customer solely for the design of integrated circuits to be manufactured by the funding

recipient for that customer.

“Technology or Product that Raises National Security Concerns” means:

(a) Any Semiconductor Critical to National Security;

(b) Any item listed in Category 3 of the Commerce Control List (supplement no. 1 to Part 774 of the Export Administration Regulations, 15
CFR § 774) that is controlled for National Security (“NS”) reasons, as described in 15 CFR § 742.4, or Regional Stability (“RS”)
reasons, as described in 15 CFR § 742.6; and

(c) Any other technology or product that the Secretary determines raises national security concerns and provides notice of the same in the

Federal Register.

C-11

The Recipient hereby represents and warrants that the information provided to the Department in connection with this Appendix 1 is true, accurate and
complete as of the date hereof.

Appendix 1

Part 1 - Existing Facilities.

The Department has identified the following Existing Facilities based on information disclosed by the Recipient and relied upon by the Department:

[***]

Part 2 - Joint Research or Technology Licensing of Recipient.

The Department has identified the following Joint Research or Technology Licensing of the Recipient based on information disclosed by the Recipient and relied
upon by the Department as of the date hereof:

[***]

Part 3 - Joint Research or Technology Licensing of Related Entities.

The Department has identified the following Joint Research or Technology Licensing of the Related Entities based on information disclosed by the Recipient
and relied upon by the Department as of the date hereof:

[***]

Part 4 - Members of the Affiliated Group.

The Department has identified the following Members of the Affiliated Group, based on information disclosed by the Recipient and relied upon by the
Department as of the date hereof:

[***]

Part 5 - Related Entities Subject to Section 3 of Annex C (Guardrail Provisions).

The Department has determined that the following Related Entities are subject to Section 3 of Annex C (Guardrail Provisions), based on information disclosed
by the Recipient and relied upon by the Department as of the date hereof:

[***]

C-12

ANNEX D

PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS

Section 1— Program Requirements Not Subject to Cure Period

The Recipient shall (and shall cause, where applicable, each other Recipient Party to) comply with each of the following Program Requirements, which shall
apply through the Period of Performance, unless otherwise specified. A breach of any such Program Requirement shall not be subject to a cure period. Any
waiver of a breach of any such Program Requirement shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Department. The Recipient may request such a waiver
upon submission of a proposed corrective action plan to the Department.


1.1

SECTION 1 – PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS NOT SUBJECT TO CURE PERIOD

Economic and National Security Objectives:
Foreign Ownership, Control or Influence

[***]

D-1

1.2

Impacts: Commitments 

Broader 
to Future
Investment in the U.S. Semiconductor Industry
(Limitations on Buybacks)

The Recipient shall not engage in any stock buybacks or make plans to engage in any stock
buybacks for the period beginning on the Award Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of
the Award Date other than Permitted Stock Buybacks.

“Permitted Stock Buybacks” means:

th

1. for the period beginning on the second (2nd) anniversary Award Date and
ending on the fifth (5 ) anniversary of the Award Date, stock buybacks to offset
the dilutive effect of Recipient’s existing equity plans in effect on the Award Date
and any subsequent similar equity plans, not to exceed the Anti-Dilution Basket;
2. for each fiscal quarter of the Recipient during the period beginning on the
second (2nd) anniversary of the Award Date and ending on the fifth (5th)
anniversary of the Award Date, additional stock buybacks, provided that the
amount of any such proposed additional stock buyback, taken together with all
the
other Permitted Stock Buybacks and Permitted Dividends during 
Measurement Period ending on the date of such proposed additional stock
buyback (the “Applicable Measurement Period”), is not in excess of sixtyseven percent (67%) of the Free Cash Flow of the Recipient and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries during the Applicable Measurement Period, and
provided further that the following conditions are met: (i) as of the date of such
stock buyback, the Recipient has an “investment grade” rating from any two of
Moody’s, S&P or Fitch, (ii) the Recipient and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
research and development expenditures during the Applicable Measurement
Period are in excess of$6,000,000,000, (iii) the Recipient did not exceed a net
leverage ratio, as defined by Net Debt divided by Trailing Twelve-Month
EBITDA, of 1.75x (inclusive of the Brookfield investment in the Arizona Fab LLC
being treated as debt, in-line with treatment by major ratings agencies) during
the 3-month period immediately prior to any such potential buyback, and (iv) the
amount of the Recipient and its Consolidated Subsidiaries' total capital
expenditures determined in accordance with GAAP during the Applicable
Measurement Period are greater than four times the amount of Direct Funding
received by the Recipients during the Applicable Measurement Period.

D-2

3. Sale or redemption of shares between Recipient and/or its Subsidiaries for
purposes of intra- group reorganizations or similar transactions within the
Recipient’s consolidated group.

4. Buybacks of Non-Recipient Party shares resulting in a neutral or better cash

impact to the enterprise (taken as a whole).

“Anti-Dilution Basket” means two hundred and fifty million Dollars ($250,000,000) per year;
provided that, for any new third-party equity capital investments in the Recipient that are
received (starting from the Award Date), 25%of such new equity can be added to the
basket, subject to a cumulative cap of$1B total per year (including the initial$250,000,000).

“Free Cash Flow” means cash flow from operations, inclusive of interest expense, less net
capital expenditures, provided that Free Cash Flow shall exclude any direct government
incentives provided by the U.S. federal government under the CHIPS Incentives Program
and similar programs commenced after the Award Date. Net capital expenditures is equal to
gross capital expenditures less cash inflows from the Advanced Manufacturing Investment
Tax Credit.

“Net Debt” means (a) Indebtedness, in each case of the Recipient and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries, as determined in accordance with GAAP, minus the sum of (b) the unrestricted
cash, cash equivalent and marketable securities amount and (c) restricted cash.

“Measurement Period” means, with respect to any date, the twelve-month period ending on
such date.

D-3

1.3

Impacts: Commitments 

to Future
Broader 
Investment in the U.S. Semiconductor Industry
(Limitations on Dividends)

The Recipient shall not engage in any dividends or make plans to engage in any dividends
for the period beginning on the Award Date and ending on the second (2 ) anniversary of
the Award Date.

nd

th

For the period beginning on the second (2nd) anniversary Award Date and ending on the
fifth (5 ) anniversary of the Award Date, a dividend can be implemented (such divided, a
“Permitted Dividend”), provided that the aggregate of all dividends paid during the calendar
year in which the first such dividend is paid does not exceed$600,000,000 total per quarter
and provided further that at the time the first such dividend is paid, the Recipient has an
“investment grade” rating from any two of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch. Thereafter, during the
same time period, the Recipient shall not increase the aggregate annual amount of its
dividends by more than 5%per annum nor issue any special dividends.

D-4

Section 2— Program Requirements Subject to Cure Period

The following Program Requirements shall apply through the Period of Performance, unless otherwise specified. A breach of any such Program
Requirement shall be subject to a forty-five (45) day cure period. If cured within this period, Recipient shall not be deemed to be in breach. Any waiver of a
breach of any such Program Requirement shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Department. The Recipient may request such a waiver upon
submission of a proposed corrective action plan to the Department.


2.1

SECTION 2 – PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS SUBJECT TO CURE PERIOD

Economic and National Security Objectives: Supply
Chain Security

As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall implement and comply with (including through the
provision of adequate resources and staffing) supply chain risk management plans, policies
and procedures for each Project that includes, at a minimum, the following elements:

(a) requirements to identify geographic concentration risks;

(b) requirements to identify the name, location, ownership, and, to the extent reasonably
available, for (i) all first-tier suppliers and service providers, and (ii) original sources of
critical raw materials and equipment supporting the identification of supply chain risks;
and

(c) requirements for supplier and distributor qualification and monitoring for quality, integrity,

ownership/control, access, and availability risks.

The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to do the following:

(a) implement bill-of-material requirements in any new or renegotiated agreements with
suppliers of equipment for the fabrication, assembly, testing, advanced packaging,
production, or research and development of semiconductors;

(b) conduct security audits and receive security attestations of of first-tier suppliers per year;

and

(c) participate in industry and government efforts towards achieving viable PFAS (per- and

polyfluoroalkyl substances) substitutions and emissions controls.

D-5

2.2

Economic and National Security Objectives:
Prohibited Equipment

The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate supply chain resilience
risks related to importing into the United States qualified high-purity chemicals, including
photoresist materials and materials containing PFAS, which efforts may include:

(a) decreasing use of PFAS in the Recipient’s facilities, material handling, and production, as

well as in consortia programs;

(b) qualifying redundant suppliers and distributors; and/or

(c) encouraging suppliers and industry associations to prioritize production outside Foreign

Countries of Concern and across multiple geographic regions.

[***]

The Recipient shall not knowingly use or install in any Project completed, fully assembled
Prohibited Equipment for the fabrication, assembly, testing, advanced packaging, production,
or research and development of semiconductors, manufactured or assembled by any Foreign
Entity of Concern.

For purposes hereof, Prohibited Equipment includes (i) deposition equipment; (ii) etching
equipment; (iii) lithography equipment; (iv) inspection and measuring equipment; (v) wafer
slicing equipment; (vi) wafer dicing equipment; (vii) wire bonders; (viii) ion implantation
equipment; and (ix) diffusion/oxidation furnaces, but does not include any subsystem or
subcomponent that enables, or is incorporated into, such equipment.

[***]

D-6

2.3

National Security Objectives: Cybersecurity

2.4

National Security Objectives: Operational Security

As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall implement and comply with (including through the
provision of adequate resources and staffing) cybersecurity plans, policies and procedures
for each Project that includes, at a minimum, the following elements:

(a) controls to identify information and technology assets, threats, and risks;

(b) controls to protect data, information technology and operational technology systems

consistent with industry best practices; and

(c) controls to detect, investigate, respond to, recover from, report, and mitigate security

incidents.

As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall implement and comply with (including through the
provision of adequate resources and staffing) operational security plans, policies and
procedures for each Project that includes, at a minimum, the following elements:

(a) controls to protect physical security through defined perimeters and restricted areas;
identification, vetting, and escort

visitor control processes 
procedures; and processes to identify individuals and control accesses; and

including visit requests, 

(b) controls to mitigate insider threats by vetting employees and contractors, identifying
and monitoring for threat indicators, establishing reporting thresholds, and training employees
and contractors on insider threat indicators and reporting procedures.

[***]

2.5

National Security Objectives: Counterfeit Prevention As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall implement and comply with (including through the
provision of adequate resources and staffing) counterfeit prevention plans, policies and
procedures for each Project that includes, at a minimum, the following elements:

(a) controls to prevent the upstream procurement of counterfeit parts, equipment and

materials;

(b) requirements to integrate security features into production processes;

(c) controls to limit opportunities for downstream cloning, counterfeiting, or relabeling of

products; and

(d) processes for identifying counterfeit products and responding to reports of counterfeit

products.

D-7

2.6

National Security Objectives: Information Sharing

The Recipient shall join or participate in one or more of the following U.S. Government-led
programs for the sharing of security information: the Domestic Security Alliance Council;
InfraGard; or the Federal Bureau of Investigation Private Sector Coordinators Program.

D-8

2.7

Workforce Strategy: Facility Staffing

The Recipient sets the below forecasted levels of project staffing (“Facility Workforce
Staffing Targets”) for each Project. For purposes of ensuring that each Project has an
adequate workforce to achieve operability, the Recipient intends to meet the designated
minimum portion of the Facility Workforce Staffing Targets by the relevant dates listed below.
The Parties may adjust these targets by mutual consent based on business conditions and
other factors as described below:

(a) For the Arizona Projects, the Recipient sets a Facility Workforce Staffing Target of
3,000 personnel, or, subject to the Department’s review and approval, a lesser
amount based on the staffing needs of the Arizona Projects. The Recipient intends to
reach at least [***] percent of this target by [***];

(b) For the Oregon Project, the Recipient sets a Facility Workforce Staffing Target of 430
personnel, or, subject to the Department’s review and approval, a lesser amount
based on the staffing needs of the Oregon Project. The Recipient intends to reach at
least [***] percent of this target by [***];

(c) For the New Mexico Project, the Recipient sets a Facility Staffing Target of 1,300
personnel for the Facility Workforce or, subject to the Department’s review and
approval, a lesser amount based on the staffing needs of the New Mexico Project.
The Recipient intends to reach at least [***] percent of this target by [***]; and

(d) For the Ohio Project, the Recipient sets a Facility Staffing Target of 1,500 personnel
for the Facility Workforce or, subject to the Department’s review and approval, a
lesser amount based on the staffing needs of the Ohio Project. The Recipient intends
to reach at least [***] percent of this target by [***].

“Facility Workforce” means all full-time and part-time staff that are directly employed to
perform work at an Eligible Facility, including production workers and technicians who
operate machines and other equipment to assemble goods or distribute energy (e.g.,
including operators and machinists), and non-technicians who fill other roles at the Eligible
Facility including engineering, administrative, support (e.g. finance, procurement), managerial
or any other directly employed staff. Further, the Recipient shall establish or maintain a
workforce safety committee comprised of workers and management that meets on a regular
basis and is authorized to raise any health or safety concerns.

D-9

2.8

Workforce Strategy: Workforce Funding

2.9

Workforce Strategy: Worker Investments

The Recipient shall use$65,000,000 (the “Workforce Development Funds”) of the Direct
Funding Award to support workforce development. Of the Workforce Development Funds, (a)$[***] shall be spent through the use of a workforce intermediary model, and (b)$4,000,000
shall be used for Women in Construction, and$[***] shall be used for child care.

The Recipient shall submit appropriate budgets, scopes of work, milestones and metrics prior
to requesting disbursement of the Workforce Development Funds as set forth in Annex G.

As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall implement a workforce strategy with respect to
each Project, informed by the Good Jobs Principles, to recruit, train and workforce required to
meet the Facility Staffing Targets and Disbursement Milestones for such Projects, which shall
include, at a minimum, the following elements:

(a) providing training and education benefits paid for by the Recipient, programs to expand
opportunity for economically disadvantaged individuals, and other worker investments,
including the following:

(i) With respect to the Ohio Project; funding proposals pursuant to Intel’s
Semiconductor Education and Research Program for Ohio, or other programs designed to
support students in their attainment of knowledge and skills needed for semiconductor
manufacturing and design, research and development, and other critical disciplines for the
semiconductor industry, in an annual amount of no less than$[***] through 2031. Such
proposals shall include programs intended to broaden participation in science and
engineering fields with institutions of higher education;

(ii) With respect to the Arizona Projects; funding programs designed to support
students in their attainment of knowledge and skills needed for semiconductor manufacturing
and design, research and development, and other critical disciplines for the semiconductor
industry, in an annual amount of no less than [***] through 2031. Such proposals shall include
programs intended to broaden participation in science and engineering fields with institutions
of higher education;

(iii) With respect to the New Mexico Project; funding programs designed to support
students in their attainment of knowledge and skills needed for semiconductor manufacturing
and design, research and development, and other critical disciplines for the semiconductor
industry in an annual amount of no less than$[***] through 2031. Such proposals shall
include programs intended to broaden participation in science and engineering fields with
instructions of higher education;

D-10

(iv) With respect to the Oregon Project; funding programs designed to support
students in their attainment of knowledge and skills needed for semiconductor manufacturing
and design, research and development, and other critical disciplines for the semiconductor
industry in an annual amount of no less than$[***] through 2031. Such proposals shall
include programs intended to broaden participation in science and engineering fields with
institutions of higher education;

(v) With respect to the Projects, continuing to fund the Intel Scholars Program and
other initiatives to broaden participation among students from traditionally underrepresented
groups within the industry, such as funding scholarships for traditionally underrepresented
students and partnering with minority-serving institutions, in an annual amount of no less than$2,000,000 through 2031.

(vi) Continuing to fund industry workforce programs in collaboration with the

National Science Foundation in an annual amount of no less than$[***] through 2031.

(vii) Continuing its participation in veteran hiring programs.

provided that, the Recipient may replace or modify the foregoing with other training
and education benefits that are at least comparable in quality and utility and are made
available to at least the same categories of employees or programs to expand employment
opportunity for economically disadvantaged individuals that are at least comparable in
effectiveness;

(b) Recipient will make good faith efforts to implement the CHIPS Women in Construction

Framework at the Projects; and

(c) develop a plan to operationalize the Good Jobs Principles published by the Departments
of Commerce and Labor, including recruitment and hiring practices, pay and benefits, job
security and working conditions, worker empowerment, skills and career advancement,
and organizational culture, which plan shall be delivered to the Department no later than
four (4) months after the Award Date.

D-11

The Recipient will work in good faith to, by January 1, 2025:

(a) Assisting U.S. employees with identifying and securing child care seats, including nontraditional hour seats, by providing free referral services and partnering with child care
service providers to offer priority enrollment, a 15%tuition discount, and waived
enrollment fees.

(b) Defraying child care costs for U.S. employees by expanding backup benefits to cover up
to$100 per day for up to 15 days per year per child, up to 3 children, and continuing to
offer a Dependent Care Assistance Plan.

(c) Piloting a subsidy program for U.S. non-exempt employees by offering families a$200
per month child care stipend that may be used for licensed or eligible informal care
providers. The Recipient will assess this pilot program to determine its effectiveness and
consider improvements to the program.

(d) Working with its contractors to pilot a subsidy program for apprentices on its Project
construction workforce to offer a$300 monthly child care stipend per child, up to two
children, that may be used for licensed or eligible informal care providers. The Recipient
will also work with its suppliers so that the contingent workers on its Project sites
(including construction workers) can access a 10%discount on child care with a child
care service provider.

The Recipient shall obtain commitments from regional educational and training entities,
institutions of higher education and/or other workforce or training organizations identified in
the Applications, or similar organizations, to provide, participate in, or support the workforce
strategy,including the activities list in Section 2.9 (Workforce Strategy: Worker Investments),
where applicable.

D-12

2.10 Workforce Strategy: Training Entity Commitments

2.11 Workforce Strategy: Registered Apprenticeships

2.12 Workforce Strategy: Construction

2.13

Broader 
Investment in the U.S. Semiconductor Industry

Impacts: Commitments 

to 

Future

The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that at least 15%of the
total labor hours performed in the construction, alteration, or repair of facilities constructed on
each of the Projects (other than the Ohio Project) will be performed by qualified apprentices
from (a) a Registered Apprenticeship Program; or (b) a DOL- recognized State
Apprenticeship Agency, each of which must comply with the requirements of Parts 29 and 30
of title 29 of the Code of Federal Regulations.

“Registered Apprenticeship Program” means an apprenticeship program that is registered
with the U.S. Department of Labor (“DOL”) under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly
known as the “National Apprenticeship Act”; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. § 50 et
seq.).

As of the Award Date, the Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) maintain
or enter into bids from contractors that (1) make financial contributions to registered
apprenticeship programs and (2) encourage partnerships with pre-apprenticeship programs
that support individuals without access to or familiarity with such registered apprenticeship
programs; (ii) work with contractors to provide wraparound services and benefits to
employees such as personal protective equipment, health and safety services, safety events,
and on-site amenities including temperature-controlled lunch/break and restroom facilities;
and (iii) employ a dedicated Craft Liaison to serve as the principal point of contact with
contractors and union or worker representatives.

Further, the Department understands that the Recipient’s general contractor is using a
Project Labor Agreement (“PLA”) for the construction of the fab that is part of the Ohio
Project. The Department strongly encourages the use of PLAs in other Projects.

If selected by the Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs,
the Recipient shall participate in the Department of Labor’s Mega Construction Project
Program.

The Recipient will commit to spending at least$35,000,000,000 in research and development
(“R&D”) in the United States cumulatively from 2024 through 2028, subject to adjustment on
a pro rata basis for any significant and permitted mergers, acquisitions, or divestitures.

D-13

2.14

Broader Impacts: Support for CHIPS Research and
Development Programs

The Recipient shall:

(a) acquire and maintain membership in the National Semiconductor Technology Center
(“NSTC”) for a period of at least five (5) years, starting from the date that is three (3)
months after the date on which NSTC is capable of accepting members or three (3)
months from the date of this Agreement, whichever is later, and if in connection with such
membership in the NSTC, an employee of the Recipient is nominated, selected, and
agrees to serve on the Technical Advisory Board of the NSTC, the Recipient will provide
such employee the requisite time and resources needed to be a productive member of
the Technical Advisory Board;

(b) designate a senior employee of the Recipient who will serve as a lead point of contact for
NSTC activities including ensuring the commitments of the Recipient are fulfilled (such
person, the “NSTC Lead”). The NSTC Lead and/or their designee will participate upon
request by the NSTC in NSTC planning activities and provide input on current and future
NSTC programs, with the purpose of improving the NSTC;

(ii) National Advanced Packaging Manufacturing Program, 

(c) make good faith efforts to support research and development (“R&D”) and other
technology advancement efforts through the active participation by the Recipient in (i) the
NSTC, 
(iii) CHIPS
Manufacturing USA Institute, (iv) the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s
(“NIST”) CHIPS Metrology Program, and (v) other CHIPS R&D programs, in each case
subject to future discussions and contractual arrangements with, among others, the
NSTC, the National Center for the Advancement of Semiconductor Technology
(“NatCast”), as operator of the NSTC, NIST, and the CHIPS R&D Office, as applicable;
and

(d) provide a multi-project wafer (“MPW”) run program to NSTC members at commercially
reasonable or discounted 
(such as
rates, comparable 
EUROPRACTICES’ Multi-Project-Wafer program), for the technologies offered through
the Recipient’s Foundry Services MPW program, subject to future discussions and
contractual agreements with, among others, the NSTC, NatCast, as operator of the
NSTC, and the CHIPS R&D Office, as applicable.

to similar programs 

D-14

2.15

Broader Impacts: Creating Inclusive Opportunities
for Businesses

No later than the Award Date, the Recipient shall deliver to the Department a supplier
diversity plan (“SDP”) in form and substance substantially similar to the one that is referenced
in the Applications, that sets out the Recipient's strategy with respect to supplier diversity. The
Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the strategy set out in its SDP,
and provide the Department with annual updates on the Recipient's progress with respect to
achieving such strategy, provided that Recipient may replace or modify the identified
programs with other programs to increase participation of and outreach to minority-owned,
veteran-owned, women-owned, and small businesses that are at least comparable in
effectiveness. For purposes of this provision, the SDP may include such activities as:

•

•

•

•

including minority-owned, veteran-owned, women- owned, and/or small businesses on
solicitation lists and encouraging the solicitation of such businesses whenever they are
potential suppliers;

dividing total requirements, when economically feasible, into smaller tasks or quantities to
permit participation by small and minority-owned, veteran- owned, and women-owned
businesses;

establishing delivery schedules, where the requirement permits, which encourage
participation by small and minority-owned, veteran- owned, and women-owned
businesses;

using the services, as appropriate, of civic and governmental organizations such as the
Small Business Administration, the Minority Business Development Agency, the NIST
Manufacturing Extension Program, and the Department of Defense Office of Small
Business Programs, to permit and encourage participation by such businesses.

The SDP will also memorialize the Recipient's commitment made in the Applications to direct
suppliers for each Project to use reasonable efforts to dedicate at least 10%of their own
spending with minority-owned, veteran-owned, women-owned, and/or small businesses, and
to provide compliance reports to the Recipient to such effect on a quarterly basis. The
Recipient shall commit to maintaining membership in supplier diversity organizations, as
stated in the Applications. The Recipient shall commit to maintaining a public webpage(s)
stating its goals around supplier diversity and progress towards achieving such goals. The
Recipient agrees to annually set spending goals per year with respect to local businesses in
the geography of the Projects. The Recipient will identify one or more persons or monitored
mailboxes to receive inquiries about opportunities to work with the Recipient to support
workforce development, supplier diversity, and community investment.

D-15

2.16

Broader 
Responsibility: Carbon-Free Energy

Impacts: Climate and Environmental

The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement a plan for each Project
facility to meet its electricity needs with carbon-free electricity through onsite generation of
electricity from renewable energy sources, power purchase agreements, renewable energy
credit purchase agreements, and/or utility green tariffs, with the goal of achieving 100%carbon-free electricity at each Project facility by December 31, 2030, and achieving net zero
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions across all Projects by 2040.

2.17

Broader 
Responsibility: Water Usage

Impacts: Climate and Environmental

The Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement water conservation and
restoration strategies for the Projects with the goal of achieving a “Net Positive Water Impact”
by December 31, 2030, as such term is defined and described in the UN Global Compact
CEO Water Mandate Net Positive Water Impact Technical Guidance, Working Draft V1, dated
September 
https://ceowatermandate.org/wpat: 
content/uploads/2024/09/NPWI_TechGuidance_F.pdf.

available 

2024, 

D-16

2.18

Broader Impacts: Environmental and Worker Safety
Commitments

The Recipient shall maintain, implement, and comply with (or cause to be maintained,
implemented, and complied with by a Recipient Party, as applicable) the following
environmental and worker safety commitments:

Applies to All Projects:

1. Recipient shall use commercially reasonable efforts 

to procure and 

install
greenhouse gas (GHG) abatement equipment for new semiconductor manufacturing
equipment (SME) at all Projects that is capable of achieving or exceeding, for each
etch and chamber clean process GHG used in manufacturing operations, the
applicable destruction or removal efficiency (DRE) codified in U.S. EPA GHG
Reporting Program requirements for the Default DRE Factors for Electronics
Manufacturing at 40 C.F.R. Pt. 98, Subpt. I, Tbl. I-16 as of the date of installation;
provided, however, that abatement shall not be installed where the environmental
impact of operating the abatement equipment is greater than the GHG abatement
achieved. In addition, Recipient will use commercially reasonable efforts to
collaborate across its supply chain to identify optimization opportunities to abate or
avoid Scope 1 GHG emissions by 
implementing manufacturing process
improvements and source reductions and using lower-emission alternative or
substitute chemistries at all Project facilities.

2. Recipient shall segregate known process organic waste containing per- and
polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) from all Project facility waste streams to closed
bulk storage systems for off-site management by treatment and disposal facilities.

3. Recipient shall apply the most protective (i.e., lowest) occupational exposure limit
(OEL) among all applicable published health and safety standards (including
Occupational Health and Safety Administration permissible exposure limits, National
Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recommended exposure limits, and
American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists threshold limit values)
(“OEL Standards”) for chemicals used in Project facility operations. Recipient shall
establish its own limit for chemicals used in Project facility operations where no OEL
Standard exists, where sufficient scientific data and studies exist to support setting
such limit. Recipient shall revise its safety standard within ninety (90) days after
promulgation of a new lower OEL Standard to incorporate the new lower limit(s)
when applicable.

4. Recipient shall ensure that SME at all Project facilities is procured, installed, and
commissioned in accordance with SEMI S2 – Environmental, Health, and Safety
Guideline for Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment.

D-17

4. Recipient shall ensure that SME at all Project facilities is procured, installed, and
commissioned in accordance with SEMI S2 – Environmental, Health, and Safety
Guideline for Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment.

5. Recipient shall require its suppliers to conduct decontamination of SME at all Project
facilities in accordance with SEMI S12 – Environmental, Health and Safety Guideline
for Manufacturing Equipment Decontamination,including by determining the following
prior to equipment decontamination: the anticipated waste streams to be generated;
the owner of each waste stream; the proper locations for reuse, recycling, or
disposal; responsible parties for packaging and removal; and the needs of all parties
involved with waste handling, storage, packaging, and disposal. Recipient shall apply
its internal decontamination standard when conducting decontamination of SME,
which shall be consistent with the intent of SEMI S12.

6. Concurrently with the start of manufacturing operations at each Project location,
Recipient shall establish a worker safety committee at each Project location
comprised of workers and management that meets regularly and is authorized to
address any worker health and safety concerns. Recipient shall submit a copy of its
ISO 45001 certification or worker health and safety plan(s) to CPO.

7.

In the event of an unanticipated discovery of historic, cultural, or archaeological
resources during construction or operation activities at any Project facility, Recipient
shall immediately notify CPO, interested Tribes, and other authorities pursuant to
applicable laws.

8. Recipient shall provide quarterly reporting to CPO detailing Recipient’s progress
toward implementing each environmental and worker safety commitment in this
section.

Arizona Project Only:

[***]

Ohio Project Only:

[***]

Oregon Project Only:

[***]

New Mexico Project Only:

[***]

D-18

Definitions

“SEMI S2” means the industry guideline published by SEMITM for environmental, health and
safety practices, which 
includes several additional standards on ergonomics, risk
assessment, equipment decontamination, fire risk mitigation, and electrical design.

“SEMI S12” means the industry guideline published by SEMITM for manufacturing equipment
decontamination that applies to equipment and parts that were or may have been exposed to
hazardous materials and may pose a threat to human health or the environment. Handling
activities include shutdown, dismantling, removing, labeling, and packaging prior to transport.

“ISO 45001” means the international standard published by the International Organization for
Standardization that specifies requirements for an occupational health and safety (OH&S)
management system, 
for an OH&S policy, objectives, planning,
implementation, operation, auditing, and review.

including criteria 

D-19

2.19

Broader 
Responsibility: Public Reporting

Impacts: Climate and Environmental

2.20

Broader Impacts: Community Investment

No later than the first anniversary of the Award Date, the Recipient shall publicly disclose as
part of its corporate responsibility report posted on its website the environmental
responsibility goals for carbon-free electricity and achieving a “Net Positive Water Impact”
adopted by the Recipient for the Projects, and shall thereafter annually report on the
Recipient’s progress against these goals with appropriate metrics, including:

(a) electricity (kWh) used, saved through conservation programs, and produced from clean

electricity sources; and

(b) water used, conserved, and recycled.

Recipient shall also annually report on its progress in addressing for the Project facilities the
total waste generated and percentage total hazardous and nonhazardous waste destination
(e.g. landfill, recycling).

No later than the first anniversary of the Award Date (or, with respect to 2.19(d) below, the
completion of Milestone 1 for the Ohio Project), and continuing annually through the Period of
Performance, the Recipient shall:

(a) invest no less than$[***] per year in Arizona for the purpose of infrastructure, education,
transportation and mobility access, and/or housing affordability and access to support the
Arizona Projects;

(b) invest no less than$[***] per year in Oregon for the purpose of infrastructure, education,
transportation and mobility access, and/or housing affordability and access to support the
Oregon Project;

(c) invest no less than$[***] per year in New Mexico for the purpose of transportation and
mobility access, education, rural medical services, and/or food insecurity to support the
New Mexico Project;

(d) invest no less than$[***] per year in Ohio for the purpose of transportation and mobility
access, education, and/or housing affordability and access to support the Ohio Project;
and

(e) Commit to maintaining its public facing webpages of community investments and

opportunities in each region where the Projects are located.

provided that, the Recipient may replace or modify the foregoing with other community
investments that are at least comparable in quality, effectiveness and utility. The Recipient
shall maintain its Community Advisory Panels in each of Arizona, New Mexico, and Oregon.
The Recipient shall launch a Community Advisory Panel in Ohio.

D-20

2.21

Signage

Recipients are encouraged to post project signage and to include public acknowledgments in
published and other collateral materials (e.g., press releases, marketing materials, website,
etc.) satisfactory in form and substance to NIST, that identifies the nature of the project and
indicates that “the project is funded by the CHIPS Act.” In addition, recipients employing
project signage are encouraged to use the official Investing in America emblem in
in America Emblem Style Guide:
accordance with 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp- 
content/uploads/2023/02/Investing-in-America-BrandGuide.pdf. Costs associated with signage and public acknowledgments must be reasonable
and limited. Signs or public acknowledgments should not be produced, displayed, or
published if doing so results in unreasonable cost, expense, or recipient burden. The
Recipient is encouraged to use recycled or recovered materials when procuring signs.

the Official 

Investing 

D-21

INTEL CORPORATION
2006 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 19, 2024

Exhibit 10.6

Section 1. PURPOSE

The purpose of the Plan is to provide an opportunity for Employees of Intel Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Intel”) and its Participating
Subsidiaries (collectively Intel and its Participating Subsidiaries shall be referred to as the “Company”), to purchase Common Stock of Intel and
thereby to have an additional incentive to contribute to the prosperity of the Company. It is the intention of the Company that the Plan (excluding
any sub-plans thereof except as expressly provided in the terms of such sub-plan) qualify as an “Employee Stock Purchase Plan” under Section
423 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and the Plan shall be administered in accordance with this intent. In
addition, the Plan authorizes the grant of options pursuant to sub-plans or special rules adopted by the Committee designed to achieve desired tax
or other objectives in particular locations outside of the United States or to achieve other business objectives in the determination of the
Committee, which sub-plans shall not be required to comply with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code or all of the specific provisions of
the Plan, including but not limited to terms relating to eligibility, Subscription Periods or Purchase Price.

Section 2. DEFINITIONS

(a) “Applicable Law” shall mean the legal requirements relating to the administration of an employee stock purchase plan under applicable
U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and applicable state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange rules or regulations and the
applicable laws of any other country or jurisdiction, as such laws, rules, regulations and requirements shall be in place from time to time.

(b) “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of Intel.

(c) “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as such is amended from time to time, and any reference to a section of the Code

shall include any successor provision of the Code.

(d) “Commencement Date” shall mean the last Trading Day prior to February 1 for the Subscription Period commencing on February 20 and

the last Trading Day prior to August 1 for the Subscription Period commencing on August 20.

(e) “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or the subcommittee, officer or officers designated by the
Compensation Committee in accordance with Section 15 of the Plan (to the extent of the duties and responsibilities delegated by the
Compensation Committee of the Board).

(f) “Common Stock” shall mean the common stock of Intel, par value$.001 per share, or any securities into which such Common Stock may

be converted.

(g) “Compensation” shall mean the total compensation paid by the Company to an Employee with respect to a Subscription Period, including
salary, commissions, overtime, shift differentials, payouts from Intel's Quarterly Profit Bonus Program (QPB), payouts from the Annual
Performance Bonus (APB) program, and all or any portion of any item of compensation considered by the Company to be part of the
Employee's regular earnings, but excluding items not considered by the Company to be part of the Employee's regular earnings. Items
excluded from the definition of “Compensation” include but are not limited to such items as relocation bonuses, expense reimbursements,
certain bonuses paid in connection with mergers and acquisitions, author incentives, recruitment and referral bonuses, foreign service
premiums, differentials and allowances, imputed income pursuant to Section 79 of the Code, income realized as a result of participation in
any stock option, restricted stock, restricted stock unit, stock purchase or similar equity plan maintained by Intel or a Participating
Subsidiary, and tuition and other reimbursements. The Committee shall have the authority to determine and approve all forms of pay to be
included in the definition of Compensation and may change the definition on a prospective basis.

(h) “Effective Date” shall mean July 31, 2006.

(i) “Employee” shall mean an individual classified as an employee (within the meaning of Code Section 3401(c) and the regulations
thereunder) by Intel or a Participating Subsidiary on Intel’s or such Participating Subsidiary’s payroll records during the relevant
participation period. Individuals classified as independent contractors, consultants, advisers, or members of the Board are not considered
“Employees.”

(j) “Enrollment Period” shall mean, with respect to a given Subscription Period, that period beginning on the first (1st) day of January and
July and ending on the thirty-first (31st) day of January and July during which Employees may elect to participate in order to purchase
Common Stock at the end of that Subscription Period in accordance with the terms of this Plan. The duration and timing of Enrollment
Periods may be changed or modified by the Committee.

(k) “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any reference to a section of the

Exchange Act shall include any successor provision of the Exchange Act.

(l) “Market Value” on a given date of determination (e.g., a Commencement Date or Purchase Date, as appropriate) shall mean the value of
Common Stock determined as follows: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange (not including an automated
quotation system), its Market Value shall be the closing sales price for a share of the Common Stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were
reported) on the date of determination as quoted on such exchange on which the Common Stock has the highest average trading volume, as
reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable, or (ii) if the Common Stock is listed on a
national market system and the highest average trading volume of the Common Stock occurs through that system, its Market Value shall be
the average of the high and the low selling prices reported on the date of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other
source as the Committee deems reliable, or (iii) if the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling
prices are not reported, its Market Value shall be the average of the mean of the closing bid and asked prices for the Common Stock on the
date of such determination, as reported in The Wall

Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable, or, (iv) in the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Market Value thereof shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

(m)“Offering Price” shall mean the Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Commencement Date for a given Subscription Period.

(n) “Participant” shall mean a participant in the Plan as described in Section 5 of the Plan.

(o) “Participating Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary that has been designated by the Committee in its sole discretion as eligible to

participate in the Plan with respect to its Employees.

(p) “Plan” shall mean this 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, including any sub-plans or appendices hereto.

(q) “Purchase Date” shall mean the last Trading Day of each Subscription Period.

(r) “Purchase Price” shall have the meaning set out in Section 8(b).

(s) “Securities Act” shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any reference to a section of the Securities

Act shall include any successor provision of the Securities Act.

(t) “Stockholder” shall mean a record holder of shares entitled to vote such shares of Common Stock under Intel's by-laws.

(u) “Subscription Period” shall mean a period of approximately six (6) months at the end of which an option granted pursuant to the Plan shall
be exercised. The Plan shall be implemented by a series of Subscription Periods of approximately six (6) months duration, with new
Subscription Periods commencing on each February 20 and August 20 occurring on or after the Effective Date and ending on the last
Trading Day in the six (6) month period ending on the following August 19 and February 19, respectively. The duration and timing of
Subscription Periods may be changed or modified by the Committee.

(v) “Subsidiary” shall mean any entity treated as a corporation (other than Intel) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with Intel,
within the meaning of Code Section 424(f), whether or not such corporation now exists or is hereafter organized or acquired by Intel or a
Subsidiary.

(w) “Trading Day” shall mean a day on which U.S. national stock exchanges and the NASDAQ National Market System are open for trading

and the Common Stock is being publicly traded on one or more of such markets.

Section 3. ELIGIBILITY

(a) Any Employee employed by Intel or by any Participating Subsidiary on a Commencement Date shall be eligible to participate in the Plan
with respect to the Subscription Period first following such Commencement Date, provided that the Committee may establish
administrative rules requiring that employment commence some minimum period (not to exceed 30 days) prior to a Commencement Date
to be eligible to participate with respect to such Subscription Period. The Committee may also determine that a designated group of highly
compensated Employees is ineligible to

participate in the Plan so long as the excluded category fits within the definition of “highly compensated employee” in Code Section
414(q).

(b) No Employee may participate in the Plan if immediately after an option is granted the Employee owns or is considered to own (within
the meaning of Code Section 424(d)) shares of Common Stock, including Common Stock which the Employee may purchase by
conversion of convertible securities or under outstanding options granted by Intel or its Subsidiaries, possessing five percent (5%) or more
of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of Intel or of any of its Subsidiaries. All Employees who participate in
the Plan shall have the same rights and privileges under the Plan, except for differences that may be mandated by local law and that are
consistent with Code Section 423(b)(5); provided that individuals participating in a sub-plan adopted pursuant to Section 17 which is not
designed to qualify under Code section 423 need not have the same rights and privileges as Employees participating in the Code section
423 Plan. No Employee may participate in more than one Subscription Period at a time.

Section 4. SUBSCRIPTION PERIODS

The Plan shall generally be implemented by a series of six (6) month Subscription Periods with new Subscription Periods commencing on each
February 20 and August 20 and ending on the last Trading Day in the six (6) month periods ending on the following August 19 and February 19,
respectively, or on such other date as the Committee shall determine, and continuing thereafter until the Plan is terminated pursuant to Section 14
hereof. The first Subscription Period shall commence on August 21, 2006 and shall end on the last Trading Day on or before February 19, 2007.
The Committee shall have the authority to change the frequency and/or duration of Subscription Periods (including the commencement dates
thereof) with respect to future Subscription Periods if such change is announced at least thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled occurrence of the
first Commencement Date to be affected thereafter.

Section 5. PARTICIPATION

(a) An Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan in accordance with its terms on a Commencement Date shall automatically receive
an option in accordance with Section 8(a) and may become a Participant by completing and submitting, on or before the date prescribed by
the Committee with respect to a given Subscription Period, a completed payroll deduction authorization and Plan enrollment form
provided by Intel or its Participating Subsidiaries or by following an electronic or other enrollment process as prescribed by the
Committee. An eligible Employee may authorize payroll deductions at the rate of any whole percentage of the Employee’s Compensation,
not to be less than two percent (2%) and not to exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Employee’s Compensation (or such other percentages
as the Committee may establish from time to time before a Commencement Date) of such Employee’s Compensation on each payday
during the Subscription Period. All payroll deductions will be held in a general corporate account or a trust account. No interest shall be
paid or credited to the Participant with respect to such payroll deductions. Intel shall maintain or cause to be maintained a separate
bookkeeping account for each Participant under the Plan and the amount of each Participant’s payroll deductions shall be credited to such
account. A Participant may not make any additional payments into such account, unless payroll deductions are prohibited

under Applicable Law, in which case the provisions of Section 5(b) of the Plan shall apply.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan to the contrary, in locations where local law prohibits payroll deductions, an eligible
Employee may elect to participate through contributions to his or her account under the Plan in a form acceptable to the Committee. In
such event, any such Employees shall be deemed to be participating in a sub-plan, unless the Committee otherwise expressly provides that
such Employees shall be treated as participating in the Plan. All such contributions will be held in a general corporate account or a trust
account. No interest shall be paid or credited to the Participant with respect to such contributions.

(c) Under procedures and at times established by the Committee, a Participant may withdraw from the Plan during a Subscription Period, by
completing and filing a new payroll deduction authorization and Plan enrollment form with the Company or by following electronic or
other procedures prescribed by the Committee. If a Participant withdraws from the Plan during a Subscription Period, his or her
accumulated payroll deductions will be refunded to the Participant without interest, his or her right to participate in the current
Subscription Period will be automatically terminated and no further payroll deductions for the purchase of Common Stock will be made
during the Subscription Period. Any Participant who wishes to withdraw from the Plan during a Subscription Period, must complete the
withdrawal procedures prescribed by the Committee before the last forty-eight (48) hours of such Subscription Period, subject to any
changes to the rules established by the Committee pertaining to the timing of withdrawals, limiting the frequency with which Participants
may withdraw and re-enroll in the Plan and may impose a waiting period on Participants wishing to re-enroll following withdrawal.

(d) A Participant may not increase his or her rate of contribution through payroll deductions or otherwise during a given Subscription Period.
A Participant may decrease his or her rate of contribution through payroll deductions one time only during a given Subscription Period and
only during an open enrollment period or such other times specified by the Committee by filing a new payroll deduction authorization and
Plan enrollment form or by following electronic or other procedures prescribed by the Committee. If a Participant has not followed such
procedures to change the rate of contribution, the rate of contribution shall continue at the originally elected rate throughout the
Subscription Period and future Subscription Periods; unless the Committee reduces the maximum rate of contribution provided in Section
5(a) and a Participant’s rate of contribution exceeds the reduced maximum rate of contribution, in which case the rate of contribution shall
continue at the reduced maximum rate of contribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section
423(b)(8) of the Code for a given calendar year, the Committee may reduce a Participant’s payroll deductions to zero percent (0%) at any
time during a Subscription Period scheduled to end during such calendar year. Payroll deductions shall re-commence at the rate provided in
such Participant’s enrollment form at the beginning of the first Subscription Period which is scheduled to end in the following calendar
year, unless terminated by the Participant as provided in Section 5(c).

Section 6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

In the event any Participant terminates employment with Intel and its Participating Subsidiaries for any reason (including death) prior to the
expiration of a Subscription Period, the Participant’s participation in the Plan shall terminate and all amounts credited to the Participant’s account
shall be paid to the Participant or, in the case of death, to the Participant’s heirs or estate, without interest. Whether a termination of employment
has occurred shall be determined by the Committee. If a Participant’s termination of employment occurs within a certain period of time as
specified by the Committee (not to exceed 30 days) prior to the Purchase Date of the Subscription Period then in progress, his or her option for the
purchase of shares of Common Stock will be exercised on such Purchase Date in accordance with Section 9 as if such Participant were still
employed by the Company. Following the purchase of shares on such Purchase Date, the Participant’s participation in the Plan shall terminate and
all amounts credited to the Participant’s account shall be paid to the Participant or, in the case of death, to the Participant’s heirs or estate, without
interest. The Committee may also establish rules regarding when leaves of absence or changes of employment status will be considered to be a
termination of employment, including rules regarding transfer of employment among Participating Subsidiaries, Subsidiaries and Intel, and the
Committee may establish termination-of-employment procedures for this Plan that are independent of similar rules established under other benefit
plans of Intel and its Subsidiaries; provided that such procedures are not in conflict with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.

Section 7. STOCK

Subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 11, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued pursuant to the Plan shall
be five hundred twenty-three million (523,000,000) shares. Notwithstanding the above, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 11, the
maximum number of shares that may be purchased by any Employee in a given Subscription Period shall be seventy-two thousand (72,000) shares
of Common Stock. If, on a given Purchase Date, the number of shares with respect to which options are to be exercised exceeds either maximum,
the Committee shall make, as applicable, such adjustment or pro rata allocation of the shares remaining available for purchase in as uniform a
manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine to be equitable.

Section 8. OFFERING

(a) On the Commencement Date relating to each Subscription Period, each eligible Employee, whether or not such Employee has elected to
participate as provided in Section 5(a), shall be granted an option to purchase that number of whole shares of Common Stock (as adjusted
as set forth in Section 11) not to exceed seventy two thousand (72,000) shares (or such lower number of shares as determined by the
Committee), which may be purchased with the payroll deductions accumulated on behalf of such Employee during each Subscription
Period at the purchase price specified in Section 8(b) below, subject to the additional limitation that no Employee participating in the Plan
shall be granted an option to purchase Common Stock under the Plan if such option would permit his or her rights to purchase stock under
all employee stock purchase plans (described in Section 423 of the Code) of Intel and its Subsidiaries to accrue at a rate which exceeds
U.S. twenty-five thousand dollars (U.S.$25,000) of the Market Value of such Common Stock (determined at the time such option is
granted) for each calendar

year in which such option is outstanding at any time. For purposes of the Plan, an option is “granted” on a Participant’s Commencement
Date. An option will expire upon the earliest to occur of (i) the termination of a Participant’s participation in the Plan or such Subscription
Period (ii) the beginning of a subsequent Subscription Period in which such Participant is participating; or (iii) the termination of the
Subscription Period. This Section 8(a) shall be interpreted so as to comply with Code Section 423(b)(8).

(b) Commencing with the Subscription Period beginning on February 20, 2025 and, unless otherwise determined in advance by the
Committee, all subsequent Subscription Periods, the Purchase Price under each option shall be with respect to a Subscription Period a
percentage (not less than eighty-five percent (85%)) established by the Committee (“Designated Percentage”) of the Market Value of a
share of Common Stock on the Purchase Date on which the Common Stock is purchased; provided that the Purchase Price may be adjusted
by the Committee pursuant to Sections 11 or 12 in accordance with Section 424(a) of the Code. The Committee may change the
Designated Percentage with respect to any future Subscription Period, but not to below eighty-five percent (85%).

Section 9. PURCHASE OF STOCK

Unless a Participant withdraws from the Plan as provided in Section 5(c) or except as provided in Sections 7, 12 or 14(b), upon the expiration of
each Subscription Period, a Participant’s option shall be exercised automatically for the purchase of that number of whole shares of Common
Stock which the accumulated payroll deductions credited to the Participant’s account at that time shall purchase at the applicable price specified in
Section 8(b). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Intel or its Participating Subsidiary may make such provisions and take such action as it deems
necessary or appropriate for the withholding of taxes and/or social insurance which Intel or its Participating Subsidiary determines is required by
Applicable Law. Each Participant, however, shall be responsible for payment of all individual tax liabilities arising under the Plan. The shares of
Common Stock purchased upon exercise of an option hereunder shall be considered for tax purposes to be sold to the Participant on the Purchase
Date. During his or her lifetime, a Participant’s option to purchase shares of Common Stock hereunder is exercisable only by him or her.

Section 10. PAYMENT AND DELIVERY

As soon as practicable after the exercise of an option, Intel shall deliver or cause to have delivered to the Participant a record of the Common
Stock purchased and the balance of any amount of payroll deductions credited to the Participant’s account not used for the purchase, except as
specified below. The Committee may permit or require that shares be deposited directly with a broker designated by the Committee or to a
designated agent of the Company, and the Committee may utilize electronic or automated methods of share transfer. The Committee may require
that shares be retained with such broker or agent for a designated period of time and/or may establish other procedures to permit tracking of
disqualifying dispositions of such shares. Intel or its Participating Subsidiary shall retain the amount of payroll deductions used to purchase
Common Stock as full payment for the Common Stock and the Common Stock shall then be fully paid and non-assessable. No Participant shall
have any voting, dividend, or other Stockholder rights with respect to shares subject to any option granted under the Plan until the shares subject
to the option have been purchased and delivered to the Participant as provided in

this Section 10. The Committee may in its discretion direct Intel to retain in a Participant’s account for the subsequent Subscription Period any
payroll deductions which are not sufficient to purchase a whole share of Common Stock or to return such amount to the Participant. Any other
amounts left over in a Participant’s account after a Purchase Date shall be returned to the Participant without interest.

Section 11. RECAPITALIZATION

Subject to any required action by the Stockholders of Intel, if there is any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock because of a merger,
consolidation, spin-off, reorganization, recapitalization, dividend in property other than cash, stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
liquidating dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock (including any such change in the number of shares of Common Stock
effected in connection with a change in domicile of Intel), or any similar equity restructuring transaction (as that term is used in Accounting
Standards Codification 718), the number of securities covered by each option under the Plan which has not yet been exercised and the number of
securities which have been authorized and remain available for issuance under the Plan, as well as the maximum number of securities which may
be purchased by a Participant in a Subscription Period, and the price per share covered by each option under the Plan which has not yet been
exercised, shall be equitably adjusted by the Board, and the Board shall take any further actions which may be necessary or appropriate under the
circumstances. The Board’s determinations under this Section 11 shall be conclusive and binding on all parties.

Section 12. MERGER, LIQUIDATION, OTHER CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS

(a) In the event of the proposed liquidation or dissolution of Intel, the Subscription Period will terminate immediately prior to the
consummation of such proposed transaction, unless otherwise provided by the Board in its sole discretion, and all outstanding options shall
automatically terminate and the amounts of all payroll deductions will be refunded without interest to the Participants.

(b) In the event of a proposed sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Intel, or the merger or consolidation or similar combination of Intel
with or into another entity, then in the sole discretion of the Board, (1) each option shall be assumed or an equivalent option shall be
substituted by the successor corporation or parent or subsidiary of such successor entity, (2) a date established by the Board on or before
the date of consummation of such merger, consolidation, combination or sale shall be treated as a Purchase Date, and all outstanding
options shall be exercised on such date, (3) all outstanding options shall terminate and the accumulated payroll deductions will be refunded
without interest to the Participants, or (4) outstanding options shall continue unchanged.

Section 13. TRANSFERABILITY

Neither payroll deductions credited to a Participant’s bookkeeping account nor any rights to exercise an option or to receive shares of Common
Stock under the Plan may be voluntarily or involuntarily assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of in any way, and any attempted
assignment, transfer, pledge, or other disposition shall be null and void and without effect. If a Participant in any manner attempts to transfer,
assign or otherwise encumber his or

her rights or interests under the Plan, other than as permitted by the Code, such act shall be treated as an election by the Participant to discontinue
participation in the Plan pursuant to Section 5(c).

Section 14. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

(a) The Plan shall continue from the Effective Date until August 31, 2026, unless it is terminated in accordance with Section 14(b).

(b) The Board may, in its sole discretion, insofar as permitted by law, terminate or suspend the Plan, or revise or amend it in any respect
whatsoever, and the Committee may revise or amend the Plan consistent with the exercise of its duties and responsibilities as set forth in
the Plan or any delegation under the Plan, except that, without approval of the Stockholders, no such revision or amendment shall increase
the number of shares subject to the Plan, other than an adjustment under Section 11 of the Plan, or make other changes for which
Stockholder approval is required under Applicable Law. Upon a termination or suspension of the Plan, the Board may in its discretion (i)
return without interest, the payroll deductions credited to Participants’ accounts to such Participants or (ii) set an earlier Purchase Date with
respect to a Subscription Period then in progress.

Section 15. ADMINISTRATION

(a) The Board has appointed the Compensation Committee of the Board to administer the Plan (the “Committee”), who will serve for such
period of time as the Board may specify and whom the Board may remove at any time. The Committee will have the authority and
responsibility for the day-to-day administration of the Plan, the authority and responsibility specifically provided in this Plan and any
additional duty, responsibility and authority delegated to the Committee by the Board, which may include any of the functions assigned to
the Board in this Plan. The Committee may delegate to a sub-committee or to an officer or officers of Intel the day-to-day administration of
the Plan. The Committee shall have full power and authority to adopt, amend and rescind any rules and regulations which it deems
desirable and appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan, to construe and interpret the provisions and supervise the
administration of the Plan, to make factual determinations relevant to Plan entitlements and to take all action in connection with
administration of the Plan as it deems necessary or advisable, consistent with the delegation from the Board. Decisions of the Committee
shall be final and binding upon all Participants. Any decision reduced to writing and signed by all of the members of the Committee shall
be fully effective as if it had been made at a meeting of the Committee duly held. The Company shall pay all expenses incurred in the
administration of the Plan.

(b) In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may have as members of the Board or officers or employees of the Company,
members of the Board and of the Committee shall be indemnified by the Company against all reasonable expenses, including attorneys’
fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal
therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan, or
any right granted under the Plan, and against all amounts

paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid
by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in
such action, suit or proceeding that such person is liable for gross negligence, bad faith or intentional misconduct in duties; provided,
however, that within sixty (60) days after the institution of such action, suit or proceeding, such person shall offer to the Company, in
writing, the opportunity at its own expense to handle and defend the same.

Section 16. COMMITTEE RULES FOR FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS

The Committee may adopt rules or procedures relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate the specific requirements
of local laws and procedures. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee is specifically authorized to adopt rules and
procedures regarding handling of payroll deductions or other contributions by Participants, payment of interest, conversion of local currency, data
privacy security, payroll tax, withholding procedures and handling of stock certificates which vary with local requirements; however, if such
varying provisions are not in accordance with the provisions of Section 423(b) of the Code, including but not limited to the requirement of Section
423(b)(5) of the Code that all options granted under the Plan shall have the same rights and privileges unless otherwise provided under the Code
and the regulations promulgated thereunder, then the individuals affected by such varying provisions shall be deemed to be participating under a
sub-plan and not in the Plan. The Committee may also adopt sub-plans applicable to particular Subsidiaries or locations, which sub-plans may be
designed to be outside the scope of Code section 423 and shall be deemed to be outside the scope of Code section 423 unless the terms of the subplan provide to the contrary. The rules of such sub-plans may take precedence over other provisions of this Plan, with the exception of Section 7,
but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such sub-plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern the operation of such sub-plan. The
Committee shall not be required to obtain the approval of the Stockholders prior to the adoption, amendment or termination of any sub-plan unless
required by the laws of the foreign jurisdiction in which Employees participating in the sub-plan are located.

Section 17. SECURITIES LAWS REQUIREMENTS

(a) No option granted under the Plan may be exercised to any extent unless the shares to be issued upon such exercise under the Plan are
covered by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable
provisions of law, domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, applicable state and foreign securities laws and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares
may then be listed, subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. If on a Purchase Date in any
Subscription Period hereunder, the Plan is not so registered or in such compliance, options granted under the Plan which are not in material
compliance shall not be exercised on such Purchase Date, and the Purchase Date shall be delayed until the Plan is subject to such an
effective registration statement and such compliance, except that the Purchase Date shall not be delayed more than twelve (12) months and
the Purchase Date shall in no event be more than twenty-seven (27) months from the Commencement Date relating to such Subscription
Period. If, on the Purchase Date of any offering hereunder, as delayed to the

maximum extent permissible, the Plan is not registered and in such compliance, options granted under the Plan which are not in material
compliance shall not be exercised and all payroll deductions accumulated during the Subscription Period (reduced to the extent, if any, that
such deductions have been used to acquire shares of Common Stock) shall be returned to the Participants, without interest. The provisions
of this Section 17 shall comply with the requirements of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code to the extent applicable.

(b) As a condition to the exercise of an option, Intel may require the person exercising such option to represent and warrant at the time of any
such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if,
in the opinion of counsel for Intel, such a representation is required by any of the aforementioned applicable provisions of law.

Section 18. GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS

This Plan and Intel's obligation to sell and deliver shares of its stock under the Plan shall be subject to the approval of any governmental authority
required in connection with the Plan or the authorization, issuance, sale, or delivery of stock hereunder.

Section 19. NO ENLARGEMENT OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

Nothing contained in this Plan shall be deemed to give any Employee or other individual the right to be retained in the employ or service of Intel
or any Participating Subsidiary or to interfere with the right of Intel or Participating Subsidiary to discharge any Employee or other individual at
any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice.

Section 20. GOVERNING LAW

This Plan shall be governed by applicable laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law.

Section 21. EFFECTIVE DATE

This Plan shall be effective on the Effective Date, subject to approval of the Stockholders of Intel within twelve (12) months before or after its
date of adoption by the Board.

Section 22. REPORTS

Individual accounts shall be maintained for each Participant in the Plan. Statements of account shall be made available to Participants at least
annually, which statements shall set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the Purchase Price, the number of shares of Common Stock
purchased and the remaining cash balance, if any.

Section 23. DESIGNATION OF BENEFICIARY FOR OWNED SHARES

With respect to shares of Common Stock purchased by the Participant pursuant to the Plan and held in an account maintained by Intel or its
assignee on the Participant’s behalf, the Participant may be permitted to file a written designation of beneficiary, who is to receive any shares and

cash, if any, from the Participant’s account under the Plan in the event of such Participant’s death subsequent to the end of a Subscription Period
but prior to delivery to him or her of such shares and cash. In addition, a Participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to
receive any cash from the Participant’s account under the Plan in the event of such Participant’s death prior to the Purchase Date of a Subscription
Period. If a Participant is married and the designated beneficiary is not the spouse, spousal consent shall be required for such designation to be
effective, to the extent required by local law. The Participant (and if required under the preceding sentence, his or her spouse) may change such
designation of beneficiary at any time by written notice. Subject to local legal requirements, in the event of a Participant’s death, Intel or its
assignee shall deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or cash to the designated beneficiary. Subject to local law, in the event of the death of a
Participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated who is living at the time of such Participant’s death, Intel shall deliver such
shares of Common Stock and/or cash to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, or if no such executor or administrator has
been appointed (to the knowledge of Intel), Intel in its sole discretion, may deliver (or cause its assignee to deliver) such shares of Common Stock
and/or cash to the spouse, or to any one or more dependents or relatives of the Participant, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to Intel,
then to such other person as Intel may determine. The provisions of this Section 23 shall in no event require Intel to violate local law, and Intel
shall be entitled to take whatever action it reasonably concludes is desirable or appropriate in order to transfer the assets allocated to a deceased
Participant’s account in compliance with local law.

Section 24. ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS OF RULE 16b-3.

The terms and conditions of options granted hereunder to, and the purchase of shares of Common Stock by, persons subject to Section 16 of the
Exchange Act shall comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3. This Plan shall be deemed to contain, and such options shall contain, and
the shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise thereof shall be subject to, such additional conditions and restrictions, if any, as may be required
by Rule 16b-3 to qualify for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to Plan transactions.

Section 25. NOTICES

All notices or other communications by a Participant to Intel or the Committee under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been
duly given when received in the form specified by Intel or the Committee at the location, or by the person, designated by Intel for the receipt
thereof.

RETIREMENT AND SEPARATION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.20

This Retirement and Separation Agreement (“Agreement”) is made between Intel Corporation (“Intel” or the “Company”) and Patrick Gelsinger (“you” and
together with the Company, the “Parties”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, your employment with the Company will terminate effective as of December 1, 2024, pursuant to your resignation on such date; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and undertakings contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,

including the consideration described in Section 2 of this Agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Separation Date; Payments Upon Separation. You will separate from employment at Intel effective December 1, 2024 (the “Separation Date”). On the
Separation Date, Intel will pay you all accrued salary and any accrued, but unused vacation and sabbatical earned through the Separation Date, subject to
payroll deductions and required withholdings. Your group health coverage will terminate on the last day of the month in which your employment ends. At that
time, you will be eligible to continue group health insurance benefits at your own expense under the terms and conditions of the applicable benefit plan and
either federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance laws.

2. Severance Benefits. Provided that you timely sign and do not revoke this Agreement and this Agreement becomes effective within 60 days following the
Separation Date, you will receive payment by the Company of severance (i) in an amount equal to the sum of (1) 18 months of your current base salary of$1,250,000 and (2) 150%of your current target bonus of$3,437,500, payable in equal installments over a period of 18 months in accordance with Intel’s
regular payroll practices, including applicable tax withholding, provided that if such 60-day period spans two calendar years, such severance payments will
commence on Intel’s first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effectiveness of this Agreement in the later of such calendar years, with any installments
otherwise scheduled to be paid to you prior to such date instead paid in lump sum to you on such first payroll date and (ii) of a pro rata portion equal to 11/12ths
of the fiscal year 2024 bonus that would otherwise have been payable to you based on actual Company performance, as determined by the Company, absent
termination of your employment pursuant to this Agreement, payable at such time as such bonuses are paid by the Company to similarly situated executives of
the Company and subject to applicable tax withholding.

3. Expense Reimbursement. You agree that, no later than ten business days following the Separation Date, you will submit your final expense
reimbursement statement and required documentation reflecting all reasonable business expenses you incurred through that date, if any, for which you seek
reimbursement. Intel will reimburse you for expenses pursuant to its standard business practice.

4. Other Compensation or Benefits. You acknowledge that, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you are not entitled to receive any additional
compensation, equity, severance or benefits after the Separation Date, except for any benefit that has vested under the express terms of a written Company
benefit plan, policy or arrangement.

5. Obligation to Protect Intel’s Confidential Information and Permitted Disclosures. You acknowledge you have acquired knowledge of or had access to
trade secrets and confidential or other proprietary information of Intel Corporation, its subsidiaries, its customers and/or third parties (“Intel Confidential
Information”) during the course of your employment at Intel. You acknowledge your ongoing obligation to protect such information, as outlined in your Intel
Employment Agreement. You further agree


to participate in exit interviews with the Board as reasonably requested by the Board (provided that such interviews in total will not exceed 2.5 hours).
Notwithstanding the above, under the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, you shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under federal or state trade
secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made in confidence to an attorney or to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or
indirectly, and is solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; (b) is made to your attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation
against you for reporting a suspected violation of law; or (c) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding filed by you, if such
document is filed (i) under seal in any lawsuit or proceeding, and (ii) pursuant to court order in any retaliation lawsuit filed by you. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. § 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. Further, nothing in this
Agreement or any other agreement you have with Intel shall prohibit or restrict you from (a) voluntarily communicating with an attorney retained by you; (b)
making any voluntary disclosure of information or documents to (including for purposes of filing a charge, complaint or report with), or otherwise initiating,
cooperating with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by, any law enforcement, governmental agency (including, without limitation, the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), and the National Labor Relations Board) or
legislative body, any state or local commission on human rights (including, without limitation, the California Civil Rights Department) or any self-regulatory
organization, in each case, without advance notice to Intel; (c) disclosing any information to a court or other administrative or legislative body in response to a
subpoena, court order or written request; (d) seeking and obtaining payment or an award from the SEC, pursuant to Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or obtaining any other “whistleblower” award, to the extent such right cannot by law be waived; or (e) discussing or disclosing information
about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination, or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful.

6. Return of Company Property. You agree that on or within ten business days following the Separation Date, you must return to Intel any and all Intel
property (files, documents, laptops, company-issued phones, tablets, keys, credit cards, etc.) and any and all Intel Confidential Information and property in your
possession (with the exception of my personnel documents). With respect to Company-issued phones, laptops and tablets, you instead may elect to retain all
such devices provided that, during the above 10 day period, you provide reasonable access to Company IT employees for the purpose of removing all
Company confidential information.

7. General Release of Claims. In exchange for the benefits and payments referenced in Section 2 above, you, on behalf of yourself and your heirs,
executors, representatives, administrators, agents, and assigns (collectively, the “Releasors”) hereby release and discharge Intel (including its subsidiaries,
affiliates, predecessors, successors, assigns and all of its and their past and present directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, attorneys, advisors,
representatives and agents) (collectively the “Releasees”) from all claims, demands, actions, causes of actions, judgments, rights, fees, damages, debts,
obligations, liabilities, and expenses of any kind, known or unknown, (collectively, “Claims”) which arose on or before the day you sign this Agreement, except
Claims that cannot lawfully be waived. For example, the Releasors waive all contract, tort, or other common law Claims the Releasors might have, including
any Claims under the employment offer letter agreement between you and the Company, dated January 13, 2021, and any Claims with respect to any Intel
restricted stock units, performance stock units or stock options granted to you under the Intel 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, the Intel 2021 Inducement Plan or any
respective award agreement thereunder or any other cash or equity incentive compensation (subject in all cases relating to equity compensation to the last
sentence of this Section 7), Claims for attorneys’ fees and other litigation costs, Claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Uniformed Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the National Labor Relations
Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California
Family Rights Act, the California Labor


Code, the Unruh Civil Rights Act, the California Equal Pay Law, the California Pregnancy Disability Leave Law, the California Military & Veterans Code,
California Industrial Commission Wage Orders, the California Constitution, the California Business and Professions Code, all of their amendments, and claims
under other federal, state and local laws. This Agreement includes a release of claims of discrimination or retaliation on the basis of workers’ compensation
status, but does not include workers’ compensation claims. For the avoidance of doubt, you expressly acknowledge and agree that all awards of Intel restricted
stock units, performance stock units and stock options shall be forfeited and shall terminate on the Separation Date, and you shall have no further rights to or
interests in any such awards, effective as of the Separation Date. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Releasors also give up all rights to participate in
a class or collective action under any federal, state, or local law. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Section 9 or any other provision of the
Agreement, you are not waiving or releasing any rights or claims (i) to accrued or vested benefits you may have, if any, as of the date hereof under any
applicable plan, policy, practice, program, contract or agreement with the Company, (ii) to any Claims, including claims for indemnification and/or advancement
of expenses arising under any indemnification agreement between you and the Company or under the bylaws, certificate of incorporation or other similar
governing document of the Company, (iii) to any Claims which cannot be waived by an employee under applicable law (iv) with respect to your right to
communicate directly with, cooperate with, or provide information to, any federal, state or local government regulator, or (vii) as a shareholder (or similar
ownership status) of the Company or any affiliate.

8. Release of Unknown Claims. You are intentionally releasing claims against Releasees of which you may be unaware. You acknowledge that you have
read and understand Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which states: “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing
party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have
materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.” You give up all rights and benefits under that section, and agree that this
Release of Unknown Claims is fairly and knowingly made. You acknowledge that you may later discover claims or facts in addition to or different from those
which you now know or believe to exist with regards to the subject matter of this Agreement, and which, if known or suspected at the time of executing this
Agreement, may have materially affected its terms. Nevertheless, you waive any and all Claims that might arise as a result of such different or additional claims
or facts.

9. Specific Release of ADEA Claims. In further consideration of the payments and benefits provided to you in this Agreement, the Releasors irrevocably and
unconditionally fully and forever waive, release, and discharge the Releasees from any and all Claims, whether known or unknown, from the beginning of time
through the date of your execution of this Agreement arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), as amended, and its implementing
regulations. By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge and confirm that:

a. You have read this Agreement in its entirety and understand all of its terms;

b. By this Agreement, you have been advised in writing to consult with an attorney of your choosing before signing this Agreement;

c. You knowingly, freely, and voluntarily agree to all of the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement including, without limitation, the waiver,

release, and covenants contained in it;

d. You are signing this Agreement, including the waiver and release, in exchange for good and valuable consideration in addition to anything of

value to which you are otherwise entitled;

e. You were given at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the terms of this Agreement and consult with an attorney of your choice, although you

may sign it sooner if desired and


any changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the twenty-one (21) day period;

f. You understand that you have seven (7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke the release in this Section 9 by delivering a signed notice

of revocation to [Name] in Intel’s Legal Department via email ([email address]) before the end of this seven (7)-day period;

g. nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver

under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so; and

h. You understand that the release in this Section 9 does not apply to rights and Claims that may arise after you sign this Agreement.

10. Additional Release Exclusions/Employee Protections. Neither the Release provisions above nor anything else in this Agreement affects: (a) your right
to receive vested retirement and pension plan benefits, medical plan benefits, or unemployment, state disability or workers’ compensation benefits; (b) Claims
that arise after the date on which you sign this Agreement, such as Claims for breach of this Agreement; (c) Claims or rights which as a matter of law cannot be
released by private agreement, including, without limitation, your right to file a charge or complaint with any federal, state or local government agency, such as
the SEC or EEOC, or to communicate with, provide information to, or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by such an agency, legislative
body or a self-regulatory organization; provided, however, you are hereby waiving all rights to recover money or other individual relief from any Releasee should
any agency other than the SEC or individual pursue a claim on your behalf; provided further that nothing herein shall prevent you from recovering a SEC
whistleblower award as provided under Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; or (d) your right to testify truthfully in a California
legislative, judicial or administrative proceeding concerning alleged criminal conduct or sexual harassment by Intel or its agents or employees provided that
such testimony is required by court order, subpoena, or a written request from the California legislature. Additionally, neither the Release provisions above nor
anything else in this Agreement affects any rights you may have to indemnification under the Company’s bylaws or otherwise.

11. Employee Acknowledgements. You agree that:

a. Intel is not obligated to provide you with the Severance Benefits described above apart from this Agreement.

b. You have carefully read and fully understand this Agreement. You are entering into this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily, and intending to

be bound by all of your promises herein.

c. The Severance Benefits described above are conditioned in your Intel Employment Agreement.

12. Additional Employee Acknowledgements. You further acknowledge that: (a) you have received all wages owed to you up through the last regular
payroll cycle before you signed this Agreement, (b) you have no known workplace injury or occupational illness that arose out of your employment with Intel that
you failed to report, (c) you received during your employment with Intel all leave that you requested and for which you were eligible, (d) it is Intel policy to
encourage reporting within Intel possible violations of any law by or on behalf of Intel, and (e) no one interfered with your reporting of any such violations.

13. Cooperation Regarding Other Claims. If any claim is asserted by or against Intel as to which you have relevant knowledge, you agree to reasonably
cooperate with Intel in pursuing or defending that


claim, including by providing truthful information and testimony as reasonably requested by Intel. You further agree to reasonably cooperate and provide
information to Intel in connection with any internal investigation as to which you have relevant knowledge. For clarity, nothing in this Section 15 is intended to
restrict or limit you from exercising protected rights under Sections 5 or 10 of this Agreement or applicable law.

14. Right to Consult Legal Counsel. You have been advised in writing by this Agreement to consult with an attorney before signing it, and have had an
adequate opportunity to do so.

15. Time To Consider and Revoke/Effective Date. You have at least twenty-one (21) days from the date you received this Agreement to consider it before
signing. Although you need not take all twenty-one (21) days before signing, you must not sign the Agreement before the Separation Date. You then have seven
(7) days after signing this Agreement to revoke it (“Revocation Period”). This Agreement will not be effective until you have signed it and returned it to Intel as
set forth in Section 9(f) and the Revocation Period has expired without you having revoked this Agreement during the Revocation Period (the “Effective Date”).

16. Deadline to Accept. You understand that the offer reflected in this Agreement shall be withdrawn if the Agreement is not signed by you and returned to
[Name] at Intel via email ([email address]) by the 21st day following the date you receive this Agreement or if you timely revoke this Agreement after signing it,
as set forth in Section 17 above. If Intel does not receive your signed Agreement by that time or if you timely revoke the Agreement during the Revocation
Period, you will not be eligible for the benefits described in this Agreement. You further understand that your employment with Intel will terminate regardless of
whether you sign this Agreement.

17. Governing Law. This Agreement is entered into under California law, and shall be governed by California law, except to the extent federal law governs.

18. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, along with any other agreements, plans and documents referenced above constitutes the complete, final and exclusive
agreement between the Parties regarding all subjects referenced herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the paragraph titled “Section 409A” under the employment
offer letter agreement between you and the Company, dated January 13, 2021, shall apply equally to the terms of this Agreement, including the severance
payments set forth in Section 2 hereof. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained
herein, and it supersedes any other promises or representations. This Agreement may only be changed in a writing signed by both you and an authorized Intel
representative. This Agreement will bind both parties’ heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, and will inure to the benefit of both parties plus
their heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that
determination will not affect any other provision and the provision in question will be modified by the court so as to be made enforceable. You agree that an
electronically signed Agreement will have the same validity and enforceability as if you signed the Agreement in handwriting. This Agreement is not an
admission of fault or liability by either you or Intel. Neither this Agreement nor any of its terms may be used as an admission or introduced as evidence as to
any issue of law or fact in any proceeding, suit or action, other than an action to enforce this Agreement.

IF THIS AGREEMENT IS ACCEPTABLE TO YOU, PLEASE SIGN BELOW NO EARLIER THAN DECEMBER 1, 2024 AND RETURN THE ENTIRE, SIGNED
AGREEMENT TO [NAME] IN INTEL’S LEGAL DEPARTMENT.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


Patrick Gelsinger Date


 
Intel Corporation

By:_________________________
Name:
Title:


Intel’s Insider Trading Policy

Exhibit 19.1

Intel’s Insider Trading Policy provides guidelines for transactions in Intel and other companies’ securities and the handling of confidential information about Intel
and other companies. Intel has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with securities laws that prohibit persons who are aware of material non-public
information about a company from (i) trading in securities of that company or (ii) providing that information to other persons who may trade on it.

I. Persons Subject to the Policy

This Policy applies to all Intel employees and the Board of Directors. This Policy also applies to others who are working for Intel, such as contingent workers
or consultants, unless they are specifically informed otherwise in writing. In addition, this Policy also applies to the following individuals (collectively referred to
as “Related Persons”):

•
•

•

•
•

Your spouse and dependents, and anyone who lives in your home (“Family Members”)
Anyone whose transactions in Intel Securities (defined in IV. Statement of Policy, below) are directed or influenced by you, such as any other family
members who consult with you before trading Intel common stock
An investment manager or other third party trading on your behalf, unless you have formally given them exclusive trading discretion in an arrangement
that meets certain requirements (see Appendix III)
A trust or estate for which you or a Family Member serve as trustee or executor, or for which you have influence over investment decisions
Corporations, partnerships, and other business entities over which you or a Family Member have or share control (as an officer, director, significant
stockholder or otherwise)

II. Individual Responsibility

You have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about Intel and to not engage in transactions in Intel Securities while aware
of material non-public information.

You are responsible for making sure that you comply with both the letter and the spirit of this Policy. In addition, you are responsible for ensuring that your
Related Persons also comply with this Policy. These persons take on your trading restrictions and requirements. For example, if you are required to seek prior
approval to trade from Corporate Legal (see Appendix II), your Related Persons must as well.

The responsibility for determining whether you or your Related Persons are aware of material non-public information rests with you, and any action on the part
of Intel, the Compliance Officer (defined in III. Administration, below) or any other employee or director does not constitute legal advice or insulate you from
liability under securities laws.
You could be subject to severe legal penalties and disciplinary action by Intel for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable securities laws,
as described in more detail under XI. Consequences, below.

09-24

III. Administration

The Chief Legal Officer is the “Compliance Officer” for this Policy. All determinations and interpretations by the Compliance Officer are final and are not
subject to further review.

IV. Statement of Policy

If you are aware of material non-public information relating to Intel or another company, you may not:

1.

2.

3.

Engage in transactions in Intel (or that company’s) Securities. There is a very limited set of exceptions listed in VI. Transactions Subject to and
Exempt from Policy, below.

Recommend the purchase or sale of any Intel (or that company’s) Securities.

Disclose material non-public information to people within Intel whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or to persons outside Intel,
such as family, friends, business associates, investors, and expert consulting firms, unless disclosure is made in accordance with Intel’s policies
regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of Intel information. Disclosing material non-public information to others who may trade
on it is often referred to as “tipping,” and it is prohibited by the Policy.

4.

Assist anyone engaged in the above activities.

A company’s “Securities” include common stock, company-issued stock options, notes and other debt securities, preferred stock and convertible securities, as
well as exchange-traded put or call options and other “derivative securities” not issued by the company but which represent a right to acquire or dispose of, or
have a value based on, the company’s common stock.

V. Material Non-Public Information

Material Information. Information is considered “material” if a reasonable investor would consider such information important in making a decision to buy, hold,
or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to affect a company’s stock price, whether positive or negative, should be considered material, even if
the information does not specifically relate to that company. There is no bright-line standard for assessing materiality; it is based on an assessment of all the
facts and circumstances and often evaluated by enforcement authorities with the benefit of hindsight.

Examples of information about Intel that may be regarded as material include:

Actual or forecasted financial results before earnings release
Bookings, billings, and other significant financial data
Changes in earnings guidance
Significant changes in expected demand levels or inventory levels (Intel or customer)

•
•
•
•
• Major pending transactions with another company, e.g., a large contract, investment, joint venture, acquisition, or divestiture
Significant unanticipated costs, e.g., problem in fab
•
• Orders that are significantly off track from projections
•
• Major product problems, e.g., product bug, roadmap off track
Significant changes affecting key customers or vendors
•
Dividend changes, share buyback changes, or a stock split
•
Significant changes in senior management
•
Significant litigation, government investigation, or regulatory developments
•
Fab warmdowns, shutdowns, or significant headcount reductions
•

Announcement of a major new product

When Information Is Considered Public. Information generally will not be considered public under this Policy until one full business day has passed after it has
been widely disseminated, such as through a press release on a newswire service; publication in a widely available newspaper, news website,

09-24

television broadcast, or certain public Intel company websites; or through a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
VI. Transactions Subject to and Exempt from Policy

The table below generally describes the Securities transactions that are subject to this Policy, as well as a very limited set of exempt transactions that are not
subject to this Policy. If a transaction is exempt, you may engage in it while aware of material non-public information.

If a transaction is not listed in the table below, it should be presumed to be subject to this Policy, and you may not engage in it while aware of material nonpublic information.

Category

Subject to Policy

Securities in general

Mutual funds and
ETFs

Purchases, sales, and gifts of Securities
Purchases and sales of a mutual fund or exchange-traded fund
(ETF) if the company’s Securities represent more than 10%of
the fund’s holdings

Intel RSU vesting and
tax withholding

Any market sale by you of vested Intel restricted stock unit
(RSU) shares

Intel ESPP
transactions

Sales of shares purchased through Intel’s Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (ESPP)

Intel ESPP QuickSale Your election to participate in ESPP QuickSale

Intel stock options

Cashless exercises of Intel stock options and any other sales of
shares acquired upon exercising a stock option.

Exempt from Policy
(permissible while aware of material non-public information)

Purchases and sales of a mutual fund or ETF where the
company’s Securities are 10%or less of fund holdings

• Vesting of RSUs under Intel’s equity plans
• Withholding of shares by Intel to satisfy tax withholding

requirements upon RSU vesting

• Forced sale of shares by Intel to satisfy tax withholding, foreign
exchange controls, or other legal requirements that may be
applied in certain non-U.S. countries upon vesting, termination
of employment, or other events

• Purchases of shares through ESPP
• Your election to participate in ESPP
• Cancelling ESPP participation

• Carrying forward your initial QuickSale election (assuming you
did not have material non-public information when you made
the initial election)

• Cancelling a QuickSale election

Cash exercises of a stock option under Intel’s equity plans (i.e.,
you pay the exercise price in cash, and no shares are sold to the
market to pay the exercise price or otherwise). Sales of the
acquired shares are subject to this Policy.

09-24

Certain elections under the Intel 401(k) Savings Plan if they
involve Intel stock, including:
(i) a change in the percentage of your payroll contributions

allocated to the Intel stock fund;

(ii) a transfer of an account balance into or out of the Intel stock

fund within your 401(k) account; and

(iii) borrowing money against your 401(k) account if the loan

results in the sale of some of your Intel stock fund balance.

Purchases of Intel stock in the 401(k) Plan with your periodic
payroll deductions.

Election to participate in Intel’s dividend reinvestment plan,
changes in your level of participation in the plan, or your sale of
any Intel stock purchased under the plan

Purchases of Intel stock resulting from your election to reinvest
dividends under the dividend reinvestment plan, and your election
to stop participating in the dividend reinvestment plan

N/A

N/A

Contributions and other transactions occurring under SERPLUS

Any other purchases of Intel Securities from Intel, or sales of Intel
Securities to Intel

For purchases and sales of Intel Securities under a 10b5-1 trading plan or limit order, please see Appendix III.

Intel 401(k)
transactions

Intel dividend
reinvestment

Intel SERPLUS
transactions
Other transactions
with Intel
10b5-1 Plans and
Limit Orders

VII. Derivatives and Other Special Transactions

Certain transactions relating to Intel Securities, including derivatives transactions, hedging, pledging, and margining, can present heightened legal risk and/or
the appearance of inappropriate conduct. As a result, this Policy prohibits or places restrictions on these transactions as described in Appendix I.

VIII. Special Trading Restrictions Applicable to Certain Intel Personnel

Intel has established additional procedures to help administer this Policy, promote compliance with insider trading laws, and avoid the appearance of any
impropriety. These additional procedures are applicable only to certain Intel personnel.

A.

Pre-Clearance for Trades

Directors, certain senior executives, and their Technical Assistants or Chiefs of Staff may not engage in most transactions in Intel Securities without first
obtaining pre-clearance from Corporate Legal.

See Appendix II for further details on the pre-clearance requirement.

B.

Trading Window Guideline

Intel has adopted a Trading Window Guideline for Intel personnel who have regular access to significant financial data or are presumed to have such access
due to their role. The Trading Window Guideline

09-24

establishes open and closed window periods each quarter, which affect whether or not these personnel may engage in any transaction in Intel Securities at any
particular point in time. Please visit http://goto.intel.com/Trading and click on the Trading Window Guideline for more details. If you are uncertain whether you
are subject to the Trading Window Guideline, you can visit insiderportal.intel.com to see if you are currently on the Trading Window Guideline compliance list.

The Trading Window Guideline is a part of this Policy, and if you are subject to the Guideline, any violation of the Guideline will be treated as a violation of this
Policy.

C.

Event-Specific Trading Restrictions for “Knowers”

From time to time, a potentially material event may occur that is known by only certain directors, officers, employees, or other personnel, sometimes referred to
as “knowers.” Examples of this kind of event can include a major pending M&A transaction or product recall. At any time, the Compliance Officer may impose
trading restrictions on Intel Securities that apply to all knowers until the Compliance Officer indicates that the restrictions are lifted.

Knowers will be notified when trading restrictions are imposed and lifted. The existence of event-specific trading restrictions will not be announced to the
company as a whole. Each of the four restrictions under IV. Statement of Policy, above, apply during any period when trading restrictions are in place, including
the restrictions on recommending the purchase or sale of Intel Securities and on disclosing material non-public information to others. In addition, you should not
tell others that you are subject to trading restrictions.

Even if event-specific trading restrictions have been lifted, you may not trade if you are aware of any other material non-public information.

IX. 10b5-1 Plans

It is permissible for a trade of Intel Securities to occur at a time when you are aware of material non-public information if the trade was planned out in advance
in a written trading plan, you adopted this plan at a time when you did not have material non-public information, and the planned trade executed without any
further influence or control by you. This written trading plan is referred to as a 10b5-1 plan, and it can be used, if necessary, as a defense to insider trading
allegations under SEC rules.

Intel personnel are permitted to adopt 10b5-1 plans, subject to compliance with SEC Rule 10b5-1 and Intel requirements. See Appendix III for more details on
10b5-1 plans.

X. Trading after Leaving Intel

This Policy continues to apply to Securities transactions after you terminate your service with Intel. If you are aware of material non-public information relating to
Intel or another company when your service terminates, you may not trade Intel (or that company’s) Securities until that information has become public or is no
longer material.

XI. Consequences

In addition to criminal and civil penalties that may be imposed by government authorities for violations of insider trading laws, you may be subject to Intelimposed sanctions for any failure to comply with this Policy. These may include, among others, one or more of the following:

•
•
•
•

Requiring you to cancel or “bust” a trade that has not yet settled, with you bearing responsibility for any associated costs
Reporting of the incident to your manager
Referral of the incident to Ethics and Compliance for additional review or investigation
Disciplinary action up to and including dismissal for cause, whether or not your failure to comply results in a violation of law.

09-24

Needless to say, a violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person’s reputation and irreparably damage a
career.

XII. Questions

Please contact Corporate Legal at [internal company email] if you have any questions about this Insider Trading Policy or related issues.

09-24

Appendix I
Restrictions on Derivatives and Other Special Transactions Involving Intel Securities

The following restrictions are a part of this Policy, and any violation will be treated as a violation of this Policy. “Section 16 Officers” refers to those individuals
serving as Intel’s “officers” as defined by Rule 16a-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Category

Restrictions for Vice Presidents and Below
Employees

Restrictions for Intel’s Board of Directors, Section 16
Officers, and Corporate Vice Presidents and Above

Prohibited

Prohibited

Prohibited

Prohibited

Short Sales of Intel Securities.
Short sales are sales of a security
that you do not own.

Transactions in Publicly-Traded
Options and Other Derivatives.
These transactions include buying
and selling “put” options, “call”
options, and other derivative
securities that represent a right to
acquire or dispose of, or have a value
based on the value of, Intel
Securities, unless the option or
derivative is issued directly by Intel.

09-24

Prohibited

Prohibited

Permitted, though you are strongly cautioned to
consider the insider trading risks of these transactions. If
a foreclosure sale occurs at a time when you are aware
of material non-public information, you may violate this
Policy and/or insider trading laws.

Prohibited. The only exception to this restriction is for
your Intel equity plan account, but only for purposes of
effecting sell-to-cover and sell-to-exercise transactions in
any RSUs, PSUs, and stock options granted by Intel.

If you hold Intel Securities in a margin account, you may
not use them to meet a broker’s margin call if you are
aware of material non-public information at the time.

Hedging and Monetization
Transactions. These transactions
serve to insulate or mitigate against a
potential change in Intel’s stock price
or to realize the value of Intel
Securities, and can be accomplished
through a number of possible
mechanisms, including through the
use of financial instruments such as
prepaid variable forwards, equity
swaps, collars and exchange funds.

Margin Accounts and Pledged
Securities. These transactions
include holding Intel Securities in a
margin account as collateral for a
margin loan or pledging (or
hypothecating) Intel Securities as
collateral for a loan.

09-24

 
Appendix II
Pre-Clearance for Trades by Certain Personnel

The following individuals generally may not engage in a transaction in Intel Securities without first obtaining pre-clearance from Corporate Legal.

Directors
Section 16 Officers
Executive Leadership Team (“ELT”)
Technical Assistants and Chiefs of Staff of Section 16 Officers and ELT

•
•
•
•
• Other employees designated by the Compliance Officer

If you are subject to the pre-clearance requirement, you must also request pre-clearance for trades in Intel Securities by your Related Persons (defined in I.
Persons Subject to the Policy, above). The pre-clearance requirement is a part of this Policy. If you are required to pre-clear trades, any failure to do so or other
violation will be treated as a violation of this Policy.

Directors, Section 16 Officers, and ELT

Any trades in Intel Securities by Directors, Section 16 Officers, and ELT (including the adoption of a 10b5-1 plan) must be pre-cleared by the Chief Legal Officer
and Chief Financial Officer. If the Chief Legal Officer is a Section 16 Officer, then his or her proposed trade must be pre-cleared by the Chief Financial Officer.
The Chief Financial Officer’s proposed trade must be pre-cleared by the Chief Legal Officer.

Transactions Exempt from the Pre-Clearance Requirement

There is a very limited set of transactions that are exempt from the pre-clearance requirement:

•
•

Transactions that are exempt from the Policy (see VI. Transactions Subject to and Exempt from Policy, above) do not require pre-clearance.
Transactions occurring under a 10b5-1 plan (see Appendix III) do not require pre-clearance. Your adoption of a 10b5-1 plan must be pre-cleared,
however.

Pre-Clearance Process

You may request pre-clearance from Corporate Legal at [internal company email].

Pre-clearance from Corporate Legal will specify the period in which your trade must be completed. If your trade is not completed during this time, you must
submit a new pre-clearance request if you still wish to trade.

Corporate Legal is not obligated to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance. If your pre-clearance request is denied, you must refrain from the
transaction and should not inform any other person of the restriction.

09-24

Appendix III
10b5-1 Plans and Limit Orders

Intel personnel are permitted to use 10b5-1 trading plans. The legal requirements for a plan include, among other things, all of the following:

•

•

•

Timing of Adoption. You may only adopt a plan at a time when you are not aware of material non-public information, and you must adopt it in good faith
and not as part of a scheme to evade insider trading laws.
Trade Details. The plan must specify the amount of shares to be traded, the price, and the date of the transaction, or provide a written formula for
determining these details (such as a limit order).
No Subsequent Influence. Once adopted, you may not interfere with or influence trades under the plan. The plan should execute according to its terms,
without any exercise of discretion by you.

Intel also imposes its own additional requirements for 10b5-1 plans; please contact Corporate Legal at [internal company email] for details.

10b5-1 plans are made between you and your broker (e.g., E*TRADE), though they must be provided to Corporate Legal for review prior to adoption. Corporate
Legal will review draft plans for compliance with Intel requirements, but will not review any other plan terms or provide you with legal advice regarding your plan
or its terms. Corporate Legal reserves the right to bar adoption of a 10b5-1 plan by any Intel personnel.

If you are interested in adopting a plan, please contact your relationship manager at E*TRADE, or Corporate Legal at [internal company email].

Providing Trading Discretion to Investment Managers and Others

Rule 10b5-1 also provides a potential defense to insider trading where an individual has granted exclusive trading discretion to a third party (e.g., an investment
manager) to trade on their behalf and has satisfied other requirements of the rule. You should consult with Corporate Legal in advance to determine whether
any such arrangement satisfies Rule 10b5-1 and Intel’s policies. In particular, brokerage firm “managed account” arrangements typically will not be viewed as
satisfying Rule 10b5-1 or Intel’s policies.

If an exclusive trading arrangement with a third party does not satisfy Rule 10b5-1 and Intel’s policies, the third party should be considered a person whose
transactions in Intel Securities are directed or influenced by you and should comply with this Policy.

Limit Orders

A limit order is an agreement to trade a security if the market price reaches a certain amount. Limit orders may last for one trading day or may be held “open”
for a longer period (e.g., 30 days), executing if the designated price is reached during that period.

You are permitted to use limit orders, but they involve risk because they may execute at a time when you have material non-public information. For individuals
subject to the Trading Window Guideline, any limit orders must be cancelled at the start of a closed trading window (and are automatically cancelled if placed
through our dedicated equity plan broker). This Policy recommends, however, that you instead use a formal written 10b5-1 plan if you are considering trade
orders that may execute in the future.

09-24

Intel’s Trading Window Guideline

Trading Intel securities while in possession of material non-public information about Intel is a violation of company policy as well as a crime. The
consequences of insider trading can include sanctions from Intel, including dismissal with cause, and criminal penalties such as fines and even jail
time.

While it is not possible to define all categories of material information, significant financial data is particularly likely to be considered material. The Trading
Window Guideline is designed to help Intel personnel who have regular access to significant financial information avoid trading Intel securities during the times
they are most likely to have material non-public information. Under the Trading Window Guideline, the fiscal quarter is divided into open and closed window
periods, which affect whether or not these personnel may engage in any transaction in Intel securities at any particular point in time, as described below.

Visit [internal company website], then click on Insider Portal to see if you are currently on the Trading Window Guideline compliance list and the applicable
criteria (e.g., role or data access).

If you have regular access to important financial information, the Trading Window Guideline is intended to help you avoid insider trading violations, protecting
both you and Intel.

I. Who the Trading Window Guideline Applies To

In general, the Trading Window Guideline applies to the following categories of Intel personnel, who either have regular access to significant financial data or
are presumed to have such access due to their role:

• Members of the Board of Directors
•
•
•
•

Vice Presidents and above, excluding Fellows
Technical Assistants/Chiefs of Staff to those Vice Presidents and above
Administrative Assistants to certain officers
Personnel with regular access to significant financial data, which is currently defined to mean actual or forecasted quarterly or annual financial results,
and data that strongly correlates to those actual or forecasted results, for:

(i)
Intel as a whole,
the Client Computing Group (CCG),
(ii)
(iii) the Data Center and AI Group (DCAI),
(iv) Intel Foundry, or
(v) one or more geographies, or other categories, that represent, in the aggregate, 40%or more of total Intel revenue

The Chief Legal Officer may also designate additional personnel who are required to follow the Trading Window Guideline.

You may be identified as having regular access to significant financial data based on your role, your systems access (e.g., an entitlement in AGS), your
attendance at certain regular meetings, or being a recipient of certain reports, among other reasons. You are required to follow the Trading Window Guideline
even if you do not use the financial data in your role; even if, for example, you have access to the data solely in an IT support role.

You will be notified by email when you are added to the Trading Window Guideline compliance list, and will receive regular email notices about upcoming
trading window periods. You will also be required to complete a training course on insider trading at least once every two years (see VII. Mandatory Training
below).

09-24

If you are not currently on the Trading Window Guideline compliance list but believe you do have regular access to significant financial data, you should
immediately begin following the Trading Window Guideline and notify [internal company email].

Even if you are not required to follow the Trading Window Guideline, you are encouraged to voluntarily comply as a prudent “best practice.” In particular,
personnel who have access to financial information but not data that meets the criteria above – for example, actual or forecasted results for a business group
that is not CCG, DCAI, TMGF, or for a single geographic region other than APAC – are recommended to voluntarily follow the Trading Window Guideline.

Family Members and Others Also Subject to the Trading Window Guideline

If the Trading Window Guideline applies to you, it also applies to trading in Intel securities by the following:

•
•

•

•

•

Your spouse and dependents, and anyone who lives in your home
Anyone whose transactions in Intel securities are directed or influenced by you, such as family members who consult with you before trading Intel
common stock
An investment manager or other third party trading on your behalf, unless you have formally given them exclusive trading discretion in an arrangement
that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (see V. 10b5-1 Plans and Limit Orders, below)
A trust or estate for which you or any of the foregoing family members serve as trustee or executor, or for which you have influence over investment
decisions
Corporations, partnerships, and other business entities over which you or any of the foregoing family members have or share control (as an officer,
director, significant stockholder or otherwise)

In each of these cases, your close personal relationship or potential financial interest raises the risk that trades by these people or entities will be seen as being
based on material non-public information you know. To reduce insider trading risk and the appearance of impropriety, their trades should also comply with the
same Trading Window Guideline requirements applicable to you. It is your responsibility to ensure that these people and entities are aware of and follow
the Trading Window Guideline.

II. How the Trading Window Guideline Works in General

The Trading Window Guideline divides the quarter into open and closed window periods.

Closed Windows. During a closed window, all Intel securities transactions subject to the Trading Window Guideline are prohibited (There is a very
limited set of transactions that are exempt from the Trading Window Guideline, described in Section IV below). During this period, you are more likely to have
potentially material financial information that has not yet been disclosed to the public, such as Intel’s results for the quarter or a pending change in guidance,
and trading is therefore prohibited.

E*TRADE Account Blocking. If you are subject to the Trading Window Guideline, your Intel E*TRADE account may be blocked from transactions during closed
windows, to help you avoid inadvertent violations.

Open Windows. During an open window, Intel securities transactions are permitted, as long as you are not aware of any material non-public information.
Open windows generally commence on the second day after Intel’s earnings release, when Intel’s material financial results for the prior quarter and, if
applicable, updated guidance have typically been disclosed to the public. Even during an open window, however, you should carefully assess whether you are
aware of any material non-public information before making a trading decision. It is possible you may still be aware of material non-public information, and if
that is the case, you may not trade.

09-24

Trading Windows for All Personnel Subject to Trading Window Guideline

Start of Quarter

2nd Day after Earnings

Close on the 10th day of the
last month of each Quarter

End of Quarter

Closed Window
(4 weeks)

Open Window
(6 weeks)

Closed Window
(3 weeks)

Pre-Clearance Requirement for Trades by Certain Personnel

The following personnel (the “Pre-Clearance Group”) have additional requirements for engaging in transactions in Intel Securities:

Directors
Section 16 Officers (as defined in Intel’s Insider Trading Policy)
Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
Technical Assistants or Chiefs of Staff to Section 16 Officers and ELT

•
•
•
•
• Other employees designated by the Compliance Officer (as defined in Intel’s Insider Trading Policy)

These personnel are required to obtain pre-clearance from Corporate Legal prior to any trade as described in Intel’s Insider Trading Policy. Directors, Section
16 Officers, and ELT also must obtain pre-clearance from the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The pre-clearance requirement also applies to
these individuals’ family members, entities they control, and others, as described in the Insider Trading Policy. Pre-clearance must be requested, and may only
be given, during an open window.

III. Window Period Dates

You can find the schedule for the upcoming trading window periods by visiting [internal company website].

Please note that these dates are subject to change if our scheduled earnings dates change. The open window periods will never start earlier than the second
day after our earnings release.

Window Periods Subject to Adjustment

Intel’s Chief Legal Officer may adjust the timing of the trading window periods, or provide for a special open trading window that departs from the typical trading
window schedule described above, in his or her sole discretion. The Chief Legal Officer may make these changes without any advance notice to individuals
subject to the Trading Window Guideline.

09-24

 
IV. Transactions Subject to and Exempt from the Trading Window Guideline

The table below generally describes the transactions that are subject to the Trading Window Guideline, as well as a limited set of exempt transactions. If a
transaction is exempt, you may engage in it in any trading window period, including a closed window.

Category

Subject to Trading Window Guideline

Intel securities in
general

Mutual funds and
ETFs

Purchases, sales, and gifts of Intel securities. (Securities include
common stock, stock options, and other securities as defined in
the Insider Trading Policy.)

Purchases and sales of a mutual fund or exchange-traded fund
(ETF) if Intel securities represent more than 10%of the fund’s
holdings.

RSU vesting and tax
withholding

Any market sale by you of vested RSU shares

ESPP transactions

Sales of shares purchased through Intel’s Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (ESPP)

ESPP QuickSale

Election to participate in ESPP QuickSale

Stock options

Cashless exercises of stock options and any other sales of
shares acquired upon exercising a stock option

Exempt from Trading Window Guideline
(permissible during any trading window period)

Purchases and sales of a mutual fund or ETF where Intel securities
are 10%or less of fund holdings.

Vesting of RSUs

•
• Withholding of shares by Intel to satisfy tax withholding

requirements upon RSU vesting
Forced sale of shares by Intel to satisfy tax withholding and
other legal obligations upon vesting, termination of
employment or other events

Purchases of shares through ESPP
Your election to participate in ESPP
Cancelling ESPP participation

Carrying forward your initial QuickSale election (assuming you
did not have material non-public information when you made
the initial election)
Cancelling a QuickSale election

•

•
•
•

•

•

Cash exercises of a stock option (i.e., you pay the exercise price in
cash, and no shares are sold to the market to pay the exercise
price or otherwise). Sales of the acquired shares are subject to the
Trading Window Guideline, however.

09-24

401(k) transactions

Certain elections under the Intel 401(k) Savings Plan if they
involve Intel stock, including:
(i) a change in the percentage of your payroll contributions

allocated to the Intel stock fund;

(ii) a transfer of an account balance into or out of the Intel stock

fund within your 401(k) account; and

(iii) borrowing money against your 401(k) account if the loan

results in the sale of some of your Intel stock fund balance.

Purchases of Intel stock in the 401(k) Plan with your periodic
payroll deductions

Dividend
reinvestment

SERPLUS
transactions

Election to participate in Intel’s dividend reinvestment plan,
changes in your level of participation in the plan, or your sale of
any Intel stock purchased under the plan

Purchases of Intel stock resulting from your election to reinvest
dividends under the dividend reinvestment plan, and your election
to stop participating in the dividend reinvestment plan

N/A

Contributions and other transactions occurring under SERPLUS

10b5-1 Plans and
Limit Orders

For purchases and sales of Intel securities under a 10b5-1 trading plan or limit order, please see V. 10b5-1 Plans and Limit Orders
below

If you have any question about whether a transaction is subject to the Trading Window Guideline, contact Corporate Legal and continue to follow the
Guideline in the meantime.

V. 10b5-1 Plans and Limit Orders

 A. 10b5-1 Plans

Trades under a 10b5-1 plan may occur during any trading window period, including during a closed window. You may only adopt a 10b5-1 plan during an
open window (assuming you have no material non-public information). You may not adopt a plan during a closed window.

If you have granted exclusive trading discretion to a third party (e.g., an investment manager), the third party will need to comply with the Trading Window
Guideline when trading Intel securities on your behalf, unless your arrangement satisfies Rule 10b5-1 and Intel’s policies. Please consult with Corporate Legal
in advance to determine whether your arrangement will need to comply with the Trading Window Guideline.

Please visit [internal company website] and click on the Insider Trading Policy for more information on 10b5-1 plans, including additional requirements.

B. Limit Orders

You are permitted to use limit orders, but they are only permitted to execute during an open window. All limit orders must be cancelled prior to the start of a
closed window (and will be automatically cancelled if placed through our dedicated equity plan broker). You may not place a new limit order during a closed
window.

If you wish to plan a trade that may execute outside of an open window, you may only do so under a 10b5-1 plan.

09-24

Please visit [internal company website] and click on the Insider Trading Policy for more background on limit orders.

C. Requirements for the Pre-Clearance Group

If you are required to pre-clear your trades, you must cancel all your limit orders at the end of the period for which you have been cleared (typically an
increment of one week). Trades under a 10b5-1 plan, however, may occur during any window period. You may only adopt a 10b5-1 plan during an open
window and with pre-clearance.

VI. Trading after You Leave Intel

If you terminate your service with Intel during a closed window, it is recommended that you do not trade until the next open window. If you are aware of
material non-public information when your service terminates, you should not trade Intel securities until that information has become public or is no longer
material.

VII. Mandatory Training

If you are required to follow the Trading Window Guideline, you will also be required to take an online training course about insider trading at least once every
two years. The course will automatically be added to your MyLearning learning plan. If you fail to take the mandatory training, your manager may be notified,
and you may lose access to certain applications through AGS until you have completed the training.

VIII. Questions

Please contact Corporate Legal at [internal company email] if you have any questions about this Trading Window Guideline, Intel’s Insider Trading Policy, or
similar issues.

09-24

Exhibit 19.2

Company Procedures For Transactions in Company Securities

The procedures described below are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws and regulations and applicable listing standards in the context of
transactions by Intel Corporation (the “Company”) in Company securities. These procedures reflect the Company’s general guidelines, and may be varied or
supplemented as determined appropriate by the Chief Financial Officer or the Chief Legal Officer and do not address transactions pursuant to equity-based
compensation arrangements, which are conducted in accordance with the terms of the plans and agreements governing such arrangements.

Share Repurchase Procedures. The Treasurer’s office implements the Company’s share repurchase program, and is responsible for confirming that any
share repurchases under the program are consistent with the Board of Directors’ repurchase authorization and are properly documented. That office notifies the
Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer, and any other executive officer it determines appropriate, in advance of commencing repurchases of
Company securities or entering into any agreement (a “Repurchase Agreement”) providing for repurchases of Company securities. The Chief Financial Officer
and the Chief Legal Officer will provide confirmation to the Treasurer’s office in writing that the Company is not aware of material non-public information prior to
and as a condition of share repurchases being commenced or a Repurchase Agreement being entered into, including overseeing any further internal inquiries
or reviews that may be appropriate for such confirmation. The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer will promptly notify the Treasurer’s office if they
determine that a prior confirmation of not being aware of material non-public information has ceased to be accurate at a time when discretionary repurchases
are being conducted or prior to when a Repurchase Agreement is scheduled to be entered into. The Treasurer’s office will inform the Chief Financial Officer and
the Chief Legal Officer, and any other executive officer it determines appropriate, if there are any changes in the planned timing of conducting repurchases of
Company securities or entering into a Repurchase Agreement.

Share Issuance Procedures. The Legal Department oversees offers and sales of Company securities, the procedures for which will vary based on the nature
and context of the transactions and in light of the additional state law and federal securities laws applicable to the transactions. As applicable, the Legal
Department will coordinate any due diligence procedures in connection with underwritten offering and determine whether appropriate information has been
made available to purchasers of the Company securities (which may include information provided pursuant to a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement).


Subsidiaries of the Registrant
Altera Corporation
Arizona Fab Holdco, Inc.
Arizona Fab LLC
Grange Newco LLC
Hampton Acquisition Ltd
Intel Americas, Inc.
Intel Asia Holding Limited
Intel Benelux B.V.
Intel Capital Corporation
Intel China Finance Holding (HK) Limited
Intel China Ltd.
Intel Electronics (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
Intel Electronics Ltd.
Intel Finance B.V.
Intel Holdings B.V.
Intel International, Inc.
Intel Ireland Holdings (U.S.) LLC
Intel Ireland Limited
Intel Overseas Funding Corporation
Intel Products (Chengdu) Ltd.
Intel Products (M) Sdn. Bhd.
Intel Semi Conductors Ltd.
Intel Technologies, Inc.
Intel Technology (US), LP
Intel Technology India Private Limited
Intel Technology Sdn. Berhad
Mission College Investments Ltd.
Mobileye Global Inc.

Intel Corporation

Subsidiaries


Exhibit 21.1

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation
Delaware, U.S.
Delaware, U.S.
Delaware, U.S.
Cayman Islands
Israel
California, U.S.
Hong Kong
Netherlands
Delaware, U.S.
Hong Kong
China
Malaysia
Israel
Netherlands
Netherlands
California, U.S.
Delaware, U.S.
Cayman Islands
Delaware, U.S.
China
Malaysia
Israel
Delaware, U.S.
California, U.S.
India
Malaysia
Cayman Islands
Delaware, U.S.


As of December 28, 2024. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other Intel Corporation subsidiaries are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not
constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 28, 2024..

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:

(1)

(2)

(3)

Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-252340) of Intel Corporation,

Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-158222) of Intel Corporation, and

Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-172024, 333-45395, 333-49696, 333-124805, 333-135178, 333-135177, 333-143932, 333-141905, 333160272, 333-160824, 333-172454, 333-172937, 333-175123, 333-190236, 333-191956, 333-205904, 333-208920, 333-221555, 333-232093, 333-236046,
333-253077, 333-249614, 333-264554, 333-266386 and 333-274690) of Intel Corporation;

of our reports dated January 31, 2025, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Intel Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of
Intel Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Intel Corporation for the year ended December 28, 2024.

Exhibit 23.1

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
January 31, 2025

 
CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1

I, Michelle Johnston Holthaus, certify that:

1.

2.

3.

4.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intel Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

b.

c.

d.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

b.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Date: January 31, 2025

By: /s/ MICHELLE JOHNSTON HOLTHAUS

Michelle Johnston Holthaus
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, Intel
Products
(Co-Principal Executive Officer)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1

I, David Zinsner, certify that:

1.

2.

3.

4.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intel Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

b.

c.

d.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

b.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Date: January 31, 2025

By: /s/ DAVID ZINSNER

David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2

I, David Zinsner, certify that:

1.

2.

3.

4.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Intel Corporation;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

b.

c.

d.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal
control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

b.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial
reporting.

Date: January 31, 2025

By: /s/ DAVID ZINSNER

David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of Intel Corporation (Intel), that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report of Intel on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 28, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Intel. This written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
as an exhibit to such Form 10-K. A signed original of this statement has been provided to Intel and will be retained by Intel and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.

Date: January 31, 2025

By: /s/ DAVID ZINSNER

David Zinsner
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer
(Co-Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

Date: January 31, 2025

By: /s/ MICHELLE JOHNSTON HOLTHAUS

Michelle Johnston Holthaus
Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, Intel
Products
(Co-Principal Executive Officer)